Home | eBay Partner		Network Skip to main content Solutions Build Ads & Campaigns Drive Traffic to Increase Revenue Monitor Performance & Optimize Results For Developers Getting Started Resources Insights & Updates Special Business Models Audience Sharing Partners Network Status Help Center Payment Calendar Contact Us Our Program Why Partner With eBay? What is Affiliate Marketing? Featured Category Center Rate Card Meet the Team English (US) US Log In Sign Up Search Search all pages for “Lorem” Select Language English (US) Deutsch (DE) Français (FR) Español (ES) Italiano (IT) Submit Welcome to the eBay Partner Network Earn money by driving traffic and prompting sales across one of the world's largest and most diverse marketplaces. Sign Up Why eBay Partner Network? Work with a global commerce leader From global brands to local stands, eBay connects millions of buyers and sellers around the world, empowering people and creating opportunity for all. See eBay by the numbers Leverage deals and promotions You can earn for traffic you drive to a specific item, but also any traffic that results in a sale. Funneling users to our high-converting landing pages can really move the needle. Explore our deals and page types Track, analyze, and optimize Our portal provides intuitive tools and comprehensive reports that deliver the rich, granular data you need to understand, manage, and improve your results. Explore our solutions Get rewarded for innovation From mobile apps to unique integrations, many of our partners engage and delight buyers by developing experiences that build on our rich platform. Learn how developers drive the buying experience "Through continual testing and growth, eBay helped us enhance our business at each stage of our journey. They have been a true, valued partner." Kyle Schumacher Partnerships, Wikibuy from Capital One 1.4 Billion Listings 80% New Items 183M Buyers in 190 Markets 90% "Buy it now" More Than Just a Portal Our approachable platform provides the solutions you need to build ads and campaigns, drive traffic to increase revenue, monitor performance, and optimize results. Explore our Solutions How does affiliate marketing work today? You decide the best affiliate model based on your specific business You integrate your mobile, web, and social platforms with eBay’s global inventory Your users engage with your platforms and buy eBay products Your revenue increases with each qualified sale Learn more about Affiliate Marketing Help Center Insights & Updates Contact Us Network Agreement Privacy Notice Rate Card Language Picker Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Partner Network Inc.