Happier hunting starts with eBay Refurbished. | eBay.com Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Happier hunting starts with eBay Refurbished. Because everyone should be empowered to get the exact products they want, in the right condition, at the right price, with a warranty as good as--or even better than--what’s offered on brand-new products. Shop Refurbished Certified - Refurbished The item is in pristine, like-new condition and backed by a 2-year warranty. Excellent - Refurbished The item is in like-new condition and backed by a 1-year warranty. Very Good - Refurbished The item shows minimal wear and is backed by a 1-year warranty. Good - Refurbished The item shows moderate wear and is backed by a 1-year warranty. Why eBay Refurbished? A better question might be, why not? There are so many reasons to buy refurbished on eBay. Quality Our products are thoroughly screened and held up to our demanding performance standards. Because it’s not just the price that needs to work. Choices That Fit Your Budget eBay Refurbished offers up to 50% off the price of new. We offer a range of conditions to choose from, so you can get the exact item that fits your budget. Peace Of Mind Shop with confidence, knowing your purchase is backed by an industry-leading 1- or 2-year warranty. Sustainability You and your family can feel good about purchasing refurbished, as you’re extending the life of a product and reducing harmful waste. How it works Watch the video Certified Refurbished This means you’re scoring an item in pristine, like-new condition. It has been professionally refurbished by the manufacturer or a manufacturer-approved vendor to meet strict specifications. Certified by Manufacturer Everything is professionally inspected, cleaned, and refurbished to original specifications by the manufacturer or a manufacturer-approved vendor. Like-New Condition All eBay Certified Refurbished products come in the new generic packaging with brand new manuals and accessories. Because “like new” should feel like, well, new. 2-Year Warranty Discover products you’ll be happy with for a long time. Certified Refurbished means it’s always backed by a 2-year warranty. Free Shipping & Returns Getting the thing you want shouldn’t cost you. That’s why you’ll never be charged for shipping or returns. Up to 50% off brands you love Save on products that have been certified by manufacturers or authorized partners to work like-new. < > Buy on your condition Make your dollar go further without going anywhere. Our refurbished products let you choose from multiple conditions, so you can find what fits your needs best. Excellent The item is in like-new condition. Very Good The item shows minimal wear. Good The item shows moderate wear. eBay Refurbished Program Watch the video Quality-Vetted Sellers We continuously verify and monitor that refurbished sellers meet our most strict performance requirements. Multi-Point Inspection Every product is thoroughly tested and held to demanding standards before being sold to you. 1-Year Warranty That’s right. 365 days of satisfaction or your money back. So you can get without regret. Free Shipping & Returns A great deal isn’t such a good deal when you have to pay for shipping. That’s why you don’t. Summary of conditions Whatever you choose, shop with the confidence of knowing you made a great choice. Because it’s all backed by eBay’s Money Back Guarantee. Certified Appearance Like-new Supplier Certified by manufacturer Functionality 100% fully functional Shipping & Returns Free Battery Life* 100% Packaging New generic Warranty 2-year warranty Accessories* New branded Inspection Manufacturer specifications Excellent Appearance No visible scratches Supplier Quality-vetted sellers Functionality 100% fully functional Shipping & Returns Free Battery Life* 80% Packaging New generic Warranty 1-year warranty Accessories* New generic Inspection 30-point inspection Very Good Appearance Light body scratches Supplier Quality-vetted sellers Functionality 100% fully functional Shipping & Returns Free Battery Life* 80% Packaging New generic Warranty 1-year warranty Accessories* New generic Inspection 30-point inspection Good Appearance Moderate body scratches Supplier Quality-vetted sellers Functionality 100% fully functional Shipping & Returns Free Battery Life* 80% Packaging New generic Warranty 1-year warranty Accessories* New generic Inspection 30-point inspection Certified Excellent Very Good Good Appearance Like-new No visible scratches Light body scratches Moderate body scratches 100% Functionality ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Minimum Battery Life* 100% 80% 80% 80% Inspection & Sanitization Manufacturer specifications Multi-point inspection Multi-point inspection Multi-point inspection Supplier Certified by manufacturer Quality-vetted sellers Quality-vetted sellers Quality-vetted sellers Allstate warranty included 2-year warranty 1-year warranty 1-year warranty 1-year warranty Free Shipping & Free Returns ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ New Generic Packaging ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ New Accessories* ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ *if applicable Get without regret Good value doesn’t mean anything if it doesn’t come with peace of mind. That’s why every purchase you make includes an award-winning warranty that lets you shop with confidence. Coverage for product breakdowns and malfunctions 100% parts and labor coverage with no deductibles Online claims 24/7 Fast repairs or replacement Learn more Start shopping refurbished today Explore the largest selection of curated refurbished products, all backed by eBay’s Money Back Guarantee. Shop Refurbished FAQs What makes an item eBay Refurbished? All products in the eBay Refurbished program follow a strict set of item and seller standards. Certified Refurbished is the top tier of our conditions and includes a two-year warranty serviced by Allstate. Excellent, Very Good and Good item conditions offer a spectrum of value and include a one-year warranty serviced by Allstate. What is the difference between eBay Refurbished and Used? eBay Refurbished items are from quality-vetted sellers who adhere to our strict grading and service criteria. Used items may have some signs of cosmetic wear, but it is fully operational and functions as intended. This item may be a floor model or store return that was used. To review the full Item Condition definitions click here. What if I’m not happy with my eBay Refurbished purchase? You have 30 days to return an eBay Refurbished item. To learn more about eBay’s hassle-free returns, click here. eBay Refurbished items are also backed by eBay’s Money Back Guarantee. Click here to learn more. Do I need to register my Allstate-backed warranty provided by eBay? Your warranty is automatically registered with Allstate at the time of purchase. The warranty is included with the purchase of an eBay Refurbished item and you will receive a separate email with details of your warranty. What if I didn’t receive a confirmation email from eBay with my warranty details? The eBay Refurbished badge can act as proof of warranty when paired with a receipt. If you need to file a claim, contact Allstate directly and be prepared with the following: item receipt, including order number, order confirmation email showing the eBay Refurbished badge, and a link to the original listing. Do I need to purchase an eBay Refurbished warranty? It is not possible to purchase this warranty as it is included at no extra cost with the purchase of an eBay Refurbished item. To get an eBay Refurbished warranty you must purchase an eligible eBay Refurbished item. How long does the eBay Refurbished warranty coverage last? For Certified Refurbished items, the warranty coverage will last two years from the date of purchase. For Excellent, Very Good, and Good refurbished items, the warranty coverage will last one year from the date of purchase. Allstate will service all warranty claims on behalf of the eBay seller. What personal data is being shared with Allstate? In order to create a seamless warranty experience, some personal data, including your name, address & email, is shared with Allstate. This is done so that Allstate can register your warranty coverage on your behalf starting on the date of purchase. What is not covered by the eBay Refurbished warranty? Products not purchased in the United States Products purchased for commercial use Any defects or damages caused by accessories, replacement parts, or repair service other than those that have been authorized by Warrantor Accidental and intentional damage Normal wear and tear, corrosion, rust, stain, age, or products damaged due to any improper or discouraged use, mishandling, negligence, excessive wear and tear Products where the product number model or serial number has been removed, replaced, altered, or rendered illegible Products that have been damaged as a result of having been altered, modified and repaired in any way not expressly authorized in the instruction manual provided by Warrantor Cosmetic damage Products that have been damaged directly or indirectly from the use of a third-party product Products damaged as a result of acts of nature Products damaged as a result of connection to irregular current or voltage sources, or use on electric, current, or voltage other than that marked on the product, or any instruction book Products without a valid proof of purchase How do I file an eBay Refurbished warranty claim? You can file a claim 24/7 by accessing the "My Warranties" section of the Allstate website, here. You can also view and manage your plan here. Should you need to file a claim within the coverage period, sign in using your email address associated with your eBay account and your order details should be available. What if I have more questions about the eBay Refurbished warranty? Please click here to read the full Terms & Conditions of the Warranty Contract, or contact SquareTrade, an Allstate Company, at SquareTrade.com. There are agents available 24/7 and an agent is always happy to assist you. Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert