Our Company - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Our Company We connect people and build communities to create economic opportunity for all. At eBay, we create pathways to connect millions of sellers and buyers in more than 190 markets around the world. Our technology empowers our customers, providing everyone the opportunity to grow and thrive — no matter who they are or where they are in the world. And the ripple effect of our work creates waves of change for our customers, our company, our communities and our planet. Learn more For Sellers Reach new customers & grow your business We offer sellers the ability to grow a business with little barrier to entry regardless of size, background or geographic location. We never compete with our sellers. We win when our sellers succeed. Learn more For Buyers Explore vast inventory & unique selection Buyers who shop on the ebay.com marketplace and its localized counterparts, as well as the eBay mobile apps, enjoy a highly personalized experience with an unparalleled selection at great value. Global Scale & Reach 1.6B Approximate number of live listings 142M Active buyers worldwide 190 Markets around the world Our Leaders Meet the leaders at eBay who are shaping the vision for our company and driving the future of ecommerce. Learn more Technology eBay creates inspiring ecommerce experiences for our buyers, sellers and developers. Embracing innovation has been a cornerstone of our growth and customer loyalty for more than 25 years – encompassing technologies such as AI, computer vision, natural language processing and machine translation. Learn more Impact Every day, people build businesses on eBay. Nonprofit organizations raise vital funds. Entrepreneurs gain new skills and access to new markets where they can turn their dreams and ideas into business success. Learn more Awards & Recognition From creating a workplace environment where employees can be their authentic selves, to being a responsible business with a commitment to the community – we're breaking down barriers and helping to foster opportunity for all. Latest Company News Jul 20, 2022 Authenticity Guarantee eBay Launches Authentication for Fine Jewelry In collaboration GIA, the Gemological Institute of America, eBay’s ‘Authenticity Guarantee’ service expands to include fine jewelry from brands like Bvlgari, Van Cleef & Arpels and Cartier Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Jul 13, 2022 Microservices in Engineering eBay's Notification Streaming Platform: How eBay Handles Real-Time Push Notifications at Scale A case study demonstrates how eBay's Notification Engineering team optimizes a streaming system in a microservice architecture to support high-throughput broadcast notifications. By: Xiaoye Wang Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Jul 1, 2022 eBay The Apple-1 Computer, a Vintage Tech Grail That Ignited the World of Personal Computing Only a few dozen of the computers are known to exist in the world today. And recently on eBay, one sold for about $340,000 at auction by Dubai seller Jimmy Grewal. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more Financials & Business Metrics Learn more eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top