Accessibility - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Accessibility Statement for eBay Products Introduction eBay Inc. is committed to building a community enabled by people and supported by technology that’s open to the broadest audience possible. We’re committed to ensuring digital accessibility for people with disabilities. We are continually improving the user experience for everyone, and applying the relevant accessibility standards. By connecting millions of buyers and sellers, we strive to unleash the entrepreneurial spirit that resides within the community and help people of all abilities realize their full potential. “eBay Products” includes: ebay.com eBay Android App eBay iOS App Diversity & Inclusion Our pledge to provide digital accessibility for people with disabilities is one of the ways we demonstrate our commitment to Diversity & Inclusion. Learn more about our D&I programs. Feedback We welcome your feedback on the accessibility of eBay Products. Please let us know if you encounter accessibility barriers while using any eBay Product: E-mail: accessibility@ebay.com Technical Specifications Accessibility of eBay Products relies on the following technologies to work with the particular combination of web browser and any assistive technologies or plugins installed on your computer: HTML WAI-ARIA CSS JavaScript Additional technical information, including the recommended browser and screen reader combinations, can be found on the eBay for users with special access needs Help Page. Conformance Standard The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines (WCAG) define requirements for designers and developers to improve accessibility for people with disabilities. It defines three levels of conformance: Level A, Level AA, and Level AAA. We strive for WCAG 2.1 Level AA conformance on all eBay Products. In addition, we also follow some Level AAA Success Criteria (such as providing visually hidden text for ambiguous links and buttons). Because the site is constantly in development, some areas may not consistently reflect adherence to this standard. Open Source Accessibility Resources eBay Inc. is a proud contributor to open source accessibility tools and documentation. eBay MIND Patterns Design Patterns for accessible ecommerce web components organized into four categories: Messaging Input Navigation Design Accessibility Ruleset Runner eBay Accessibility Ruleset Runner automates 20% of WCAG 2.1 AA recommendations, saving time on manual testing. OATMEAL A collection of accessibility testing methods with two goals: Ensure consistent accessibility testing across ebay.com Make detailed accessibility testing methods available to everyone; not just accessibility experts This statement was created with help from the W3C Accessibility Statement Generator Tool. eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top