Diversity, Equity & Inclusion - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Overview Our Numbers Overview Our Numbers Our 2021 DE&I Report eBay brings together millions of buyers and sellers to connect people and to build communities. Building an inclusive marketplace that serves the diversity on our platform requires a team that can understand and reflect the needs of these individuals. Learn more about how we’ve evolved our DE&I strategy to become more outcomes driven, to deliver meaningful and sustainable change, and to better support the communities we serve. Download 2021 DE&I Report Hear from Our Leaders eBay is more than just an ecommerce platform — our marketplace uniquely exemplifies diversity. We welcome those of different geographies, backgrounds, lived experiences and passions. Hear more from a few of our leaders on what DE&I means to them and why it is so important to our business. Getting Specific We owe it to ourselves and most importantly to our community to be clear about the outcomes we're driving toward when we talk about diversity, equity and inclusion at eBay. Our four strategic objectives, outlined below, are in service of our commitment to being a richly diverse, truly equitable and fearlessly inclusive place to work, grow, buy and sell. Increase Representation We are focused on increasing representation across all minority groups at every level of the organization. Learn more+ Read more from our report "Diversity is a must for us, not a nice to have. We’re integrating inclusivity in everything we do … And this is just the beginning; we have much more work to do." -Sachi Dawkins, Director of Executive Recruiting Cultivate a Sense of Belonging We are fostering an environment of inclusion and are applying an equity focused lens to all of our people processes. Learn more+ Read more from our report "Creating a network that empowers each other to grow — and that recognizes shared challenges — can be a really powerful element when building a sense of belonging." -Daniela Martinez, a People Development Partner at eBay Engage Our Communities and Allies We are applying DE&I tenets as we engage our community of buyers and sellers, business partners as well as the broader communities that we serve. Learn more+ Read more from our report "The eBay Foundation is honored to work alongside community partners who are working to create impactful solutions for equity and inclusion. They are making a real difference, and supporting this work is at the heart of what we do." -Allie Ottoboni, President of the eBay Foundation Build Inclusive Technology We are addressing biases that may exist in the AI that powers our platform and designing experiences that include diverse communities. Learn more+ Read more from our report "We want to further enable our customers to build communities that speak to their own interests, ideals and identities — and connect over areas of shared meaning." -Bradford Shellhammer, Vice President of Buyer Experience and General Manager of eBay New York Our Communities of Inclusion (COIs) Our COIs welcome, connect and support eBay employees from all over the world. COIs are employee-led groups and are the cornerstone of building an inclusive culture and fostering a sense of belonging at eBay. Our COIs bring together those of different ages, disability statuses, races/ethnicities, gender identities and expressions, military status, and sexual orientation, and we continue to form new communities along the way. Access Accessibility is a community that supports disabilities, both visible and non-visible, by ensuring products and employee experiences are accessible to all. Asian Employees at eBay Asian Employees at eBay (AE²) believes in providing an opportunity to learn and share from one another by supporting eBay’s employees of Asian descent. Black Employees at eBay Black Employees at eBay (BEE) addresses the needs and increases awareness of this community while inviting all employees to participate. BEE strives to ensure career advancement and successful engagement with buyers and sellers of African descent. Development, Empower & Support the Indian Subcontinent Community at eBay Development, Empower & Support the Indian Subcontinent Community at eBay (DESI) celebrates those of Indian subcontinent descent — as well as employees interested in Indian subcontinent culture — with inclusive, innovative programs that make eBay a great place to work. Honor Honor’s mission is to use recruitment, training and mentorship to create an opportunity for veterans and service members from across the world. Unidos UNIDOS is focused on supporting employees and customers of Hispanic and Latinx descent by building relationships in those communities. United in Pride United in Pride (UiP) believes in supporting the LGBTQ+ community inside and out of eBay, celebrating everyone across the spectrum. UiP’s commitment to positive conversations aims to keep eBay a safe haven that’s free of judgment for the community. Women at eBay Women at eBay is a community led by women and men focused on advancing gender diversity and creating an environment for women to thrive in professionally. Young Employee Society Young Employee Society (YES!) believes in supporting the young and the young-at-heart to spark innovation. Our community aims to develop careers and help others along the way. eBay is, and has always been, a company that is centered around people — from various backgrounds, ethnicities, gender identities, and a myriad of lived experiences and perspectives. We must continue to encourage and support diversity at every level and welcome participation from new communities. Jamie Iannone President & CEO We believe that everyone should have the space and freedom to be their authentic selves at work, whoever they are. Beric Alleyne Global Head of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion My mother, sisters and I have had many hardships over the years, and our work has gotten us through it together. eBay has not only allowed us the ability to financially recover from some difficult challenges, but has empowered each of us to pursue the lives we want and to thrive. Katelyn Huffine eBay Seller, Beauty On Point People want to find connections and to do something to channel their interests. As a result, we created a framework to help people harness that energy and ignite their shared passions. Chris Gardner Trading Director, Home & Garden It’s our responsibility not just to invest in the next generation of leaders, but also to ensure those leaders represent diverse experiences. Steve Priest SVP, Chief Financial Officer It’s up to us to create the environment where all employees feel like they can be themselves at work, that they can bring forth their best self, that they can speak up, and that their work and contributions will be recognized and valued. Marie Oh Huber SVP, Chief Legal Officer, General Counsel and Secretary Creating a network that enables each other to grow — and that recognizes shared challenges — can be a really powerful element when building a sense of belonging. Daniela Martinez People Development Partner at eBay As we embrace change and drive transformation, it's so important for us to create safe and comfortable places for people to bring their ideas and their different points of view. Stefanie Jay SVP, Chief Business and Strategy Officer As a global company, and especially over the last two years during the pandemic, we're finding new ways to drive connection and cultivate belonging among employees. And we're leaning into leading with transparency and empathy. Cornelius Boone SVP, Chief People Officer I am a prime example that people with disabilities can have independence and be successful using eBay as a platform to better their lives. Donovan Mitchell eBay Seller, BikeNow Motorsports I’m incredibly proud of how we bring people together to learn more about one another in safe, open and honest spaces. Jordan Sweetnam SVP & General Manager, North America Marie Oh Huber reflects on AAPI Heritage Month As AAPI Heritage Month comes to a close, our SVP & Chief Legal Officer, Marie Oh Huber reflects on the importance of celebrating differences and welcoming others from a variety of backgrounds. eBay Foundation Welcomes New Board Members The eBay Foundation is proud to welcome three new members to its Board of Directors: Eve Williams, Jonathan Jayes-Green and Patrice R. Green. Learn more CSO Renee Morin Named Top Woman Leader Congrats to our Chief Sustainability Officer Renee Morin, named one of Sustainability Magazine's Top 100 Women Leaders. Learn more May 12, 2022 Diversity Equity and Inclusion Our 2021 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report Hear more from our global head of diversity, equity and inclusion at eBay. Beric Alleyne, Global Head of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at eBay Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Mar 8, 2022 Diversity Equity and Inclusion Celebrating eBay’s Women Sellers In honor of International Women’s Day and Women’s History Month, we’re sharing the stories of a few, remarkable female sellers. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Mar 1, 2022 Sneakers eBay Launches an Unprecedented Drop from the Top Women of Sneaker Culture – Featuring the Kicks that Wouldn't Exist without Them For the first time, the new Trailblazers Collection brings together iconic sneakers created by - and for - the females who’ve paved the way. Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more Download Our 2021 Report 2021 DE&I Report Our archived reports: 2020 DE&I Report | 2020 EEO-1 Report | 2019 D&I Report | 2019 EEO-1 Report 2021 UK GPG Report | 2021 ESG Independent Assurance Statements eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top