eBay Impact - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community eBay Impact Empowering Communities Through Meaningful Commerce We strive to build community and connections through ecommerce. As part of this journey, we make selling and buying equitable and attainable for all – with a goal to empower everyone, everywhere to grow, thrive and succeed on our global marketplace while making meaningful choices for their purchases and businesses. Our 2021 Impact Report Learn about the progress we’re making toward our Impact goals — and the plans we have for the years ahead. Download now Impact at eBay Explore our initiatives and programs. Learn more Economic Opportunity When a seller opens their virtual doors on our marketplace, we’re with them every step of the way. We partner with our seller community, providing them with the tools and training to start and grow their business on our platform. Learn more Sustainable Commerce As a pioneer of meaningful commerce, we strive to sustain the future of our customers, our company and our planet. And central to this journey, we will continue to embrace sustainable practices that reinforce our commitment to operating with integrity. Learn more Culture and Workforce Our goal is to bring more people to join eBay from different communities around the world, so we can inspire innovations and new product experiences that are better attuned to our customers’ needs. Learn more Trusted Marketplace The foundation of our marketplace is built upon openness, honesty, integrity and trust. Seller Community Meet the inspiring sellers who bring our marketplace to life. Bill Ingersoll Bikes, Trikes and Quads | Sloansville, New York Bill grew up racing Motocross in rural upstate New York. In 2008, he tragically suffered a severe spinal cord injury, which confined him to a wheelchair. The accident marked a turning point in his life, catalyzing his ecommerce career and leading him to start an online business selling ATV parts through his eBay store. Mariusz Fiałkowski Amadi | Grudziądz, Poland Inspired by his grandfather’s business, Mariusz started a leatherwear shop and now makes handmade leather phone cases sold across the world. Schad L VanLeeuwen Speed Addicts | Mission Hills, California Schad VanLeeuwen started running his own company, Speed Addicts, out of his freshman dorm room in Santa Barbara, CA. Today, Speed Addicts boasts multiple offices, retail space in Los Angeles, and nearly 100,000 positive customer reviews. Shazia Haroon SUM Computers, Inc. | Aurora, Colorado After immigrating to the U.S., Shazia used passion and hard work to build an online business from the ground up. With a drive for meeting customer's needs and continuing to grow her business, Shazia is the example of a true American dream. Katy Zilverberg A Boutique for Him | Silverton, Oregon Katy left her traditional 9-to-5 job to pursue a career in small business consulting, but found her true calling on eBay. A Boutique For Him specializes in used and new men's clothing with a focus on streetwear, both current and vintage. Gözde Çekiç Kemique | Istanbul, Turkey Gözde Çekiç has been a seller on eBay's Turkish subsidiary GittiGidiyor since 2011. Her store ‘Kemique’ offers pet apparel to millions of animal lovers across the world. Meltem Gülşen Neosante | Istanbul, Turkey Since 2006, Meltem Gülşen has operated her store Neosante online, offering a range of sports nutrients and supplements. Nicolaus Wolfrum Jim’s Automotive Machine Shop | Gill, Colorado Nicolaus helped move his father's automotive parts shop online to eBay. Cyrille Nicolas SPO Moto Scooter | Rhône-Alpes, France Based in France, Cyrille Nicolas has made a thriving business selling spare motorcycle parts and accessories. View all seller stories Our work is a constant evolution, yet we are optimistic for what lies ahead. This is a future we can help shape as we strive to lead the way forward as partners with our global community. Together, we can affect real change. – Jamie Iannone, President & CEO eBay for Charity Our platform helps charitable organizations reach their fundraising goals and allows buyers and sellers to support the causes that are important to them. Learn more eBay Foundation We partner with nonprofit organizations around the world to advance inclusive and equitable entrepreneurship for people and communities. Learn more eBay Impact News Jun 17, 2022 eBay for Charity GLIDE, eBay and Warren Buffett Celebrate the Grand Finale Power of One Charity Auction Lunch With Record-Breaking Winning Bid To date, the event has raised more than $53 million to build upon GLIDE's enduring legacy of impact Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 24, 2022 eBay Foundation eBay Foundation Welcomes New Board Members With An Eye on Strategy Eve Williams, Jonathan Jayes-Green and Patrice Green join the Foundation’s Board of Directors. Allie Ottoboni, President, eBay Foundation Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 17, 2022 eBay Impact Our 2021 Impact Report Hear from eBay President and CEO Jamie Iannone on our 2021 Impact Report Jamie Iannone, President & CEO, eBay Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more Awards and Recognition In 2021, we received several awards recognizing our culture, workplace and responsible business work. Download Our 2021 Impact Report 2021 eBay Impact Report 2021 Impact Highlights 2021 GRI and SASB Indices | 2021 ESG Independent Assurance Statements eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top