Jobs in Engineering - eBay Inc. Careers Skip to main content Career Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs Engineering Careers Job Search Search A Culture of Innovation At eBay, we drive innovation through a strong dedication to our company's purpose: To empower people and create economic opportunity for all. Come join us as we work on some of the world’s most complex, highly-scalable systems that connect buyers, sellers and developers around the globe. Careers Opportunities at eBay Just as our engineers and developers create opportunities for people around the world, there are very meaningful opportunities for them at eBay. In cutting-edge fields ranging from data science to machine learning, eBay is a technology leader, and you can expand your expertise by working with our talented inventors. Engineering Data Science & Analytics Product Management IT & Technical Operations Viewing Engineering, press tab to view sub-categories or press escape to close menu. Engineering Software Development Software Architecture Software QA Technical Product Management Software Development It’s all about the code. High quality, efficient, elegant code that fuels the commerce revolution. Help create the infrastructure and applications that unlock more economic opportunity for millions of people every day. This is your chance to take on some of the most complex technical problems in service of making a tangible impact around the globe. Learn more about Engineering Careers. Latest Jobs Senior Backend Engineer - Buyer Growth Senior Software Engineer Full Stack Cloud Software Eng (Remote) MTS1 Software Engineer T25 MTS 1 Software Engineer MTS 2, Software Engineer - Backend Software Engineer, Back End Backend Software Engineer - Buyer Growth Sr. Backend Software Engineer - SEO View All Software Development Jobs Software Architecture Architects build the future. You're a technologist with a passion to design systems and long-term software roadmaps for new and valuable technology programs. These drive value for our customers, our company and communities around the world. Here, you can architect the foundation that is transforming commerce. Learn more about Engineering Careers. Latest Jobs Distinguished MTS, Architect Enterprise Architect Speech & Text Solution Architect Principal Data Engineer Sr. Developer/Architect Solution Architect MP Focused Categories Technical Lead Technical Solutions Architect Principle Architect - Risk View All Software Architecture Jobs Software QA It’s not right until you say so. Our Quality Engineers ensure that new releases work as expected for our customers, every time. Create end-to-end test plans and then execute them to validate that our solutions have met or exceeded all requirements and business objectives. You are the ultimate gatekeeper of the customer experience. Learn more about Engineering Careers. Latest Jobs Software Engineer 3, Quality Senior Software Engineer, Quality Senior Software Engineer- Quality Backend Developer (Data Pipeline) Software Quality Engineer MTS1 Software Engineer, Quality MTS 1, Software Engineer - Backend Backend Developer (Data Pipeline) Senior Software Engineer, Quality View All Software QA Jobs Technical Product Management We can’t get there without a map. You will help define the strategy and vision for our technical solutions—building multi-generational product plans and roadmaps for an evolving and complex global product portfolio. Work with product and development teams to identify new ways to deliver exceptional experiences for consumers and merchants. Learn more about Engineering Careers. Latest Jobs Lead PM - Identity Director, Product - Promoted Display Principal Product Manager(Data Platform) Lead/ PM - Identity Product Lead - Risk Data & ML Platforms Senior Data Product Manager Sr. Product Manager, New Ads Ventures Sr. Product Manager, Search Monetization Senior Product Manager, Linking View All Technical Product Management Jobs Viewing Data Science & Analytics, press escape to close menu. Data Science & Analytics Spotting new trends and reporting on metrics only scratches the surface of what our data science and analysts do each day. Here, you can identify new opportunities to make a global impact. Gain insights from raw data and leverage the information for future growth. Work closely with a variety of teams and be a part of the reinvention of the commerce industry. Latest Jobs Research Consultant Sr. Data Scientist AML Data Scientist Search Science Data Scientist Data Scientist - SEO Product Analytics Senior Manager, Insights Communication Data Scientist in Customer Science Applied Data Scientist 2 Sr. Director, Risk & Trust Science View All Data Science & Analytics Jobs Viewing Product Management, press escape to close menu. Product Management We deliver product experiences that customers love—and love to tell others about. Your passion is to solve customers' unspoken needs and deliver value in ways that exceed their expectations. You’ll drive products from concept to launch in a way that fosters the growth of our business, enabling commerce opportunities for millions around the world. Latest Jobs Lead PM - Identity Director, Product - Promoted Display Principal Product Manager(Data Platform) Lead/ PM - Identity Product Lead - Risk Data & ML Platforms Senior Data Product Manager Sr. Product Manager, New Ads Ventures Sr. Product Manager, Search Monetization Senior Product Manager, Linking View All Product Management Jobs Viewing IT & Technical Operations, press tab to view sub-categories or press escape to close menu. IT & Technical Operations IT & Technical Operations Technical Project Management IT & Technical Operations Put your innovative and original ideas to work leveraging cutting-edge technologies to solve challenging IT issues. Work with some of the best and brightest in the industry on development, networking and operational teams. Help drive solutions from definition to delivery, with the opportunity to have a positive impact on people around the world. Latest Jobs DC Network Engineering Manager/Architect Technical Duty Officer Business Systems Analyst Risk & Fraud Analyst - Emerging Threats Risk Operations Manager Systems Engineer, eBay Operations Database Architect Risk & Fraud Analyst Incident Management Senior DevOps Engineer View All IT & Technical Operations Jobs Technical Project Management You’re a creative and passionate project manager who will drive the successful delivery of business-critical solutions. Lead large-scale projects and distributed technical resources. Showcase your technical and relationship management skills to keep the work moving forward smoothly. Lead business-driven conversations with business and executive teams. View All Technical Project Management Jobs Tech Blog What We're Working On Jul 13, 2022 Microservices in Engineering eBay's Notification Streaming Platform: How eBay Handles Real-Time Push Notifications at Scale A case study demonstrates how eBay's Notification Engineering team optimizes a streaming system in a microservice architecture to support high-throughput broadcast notifications. By: Xiaoye Wang Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Jun 14, 2022 Advertising in Engineering Multi-Relevance Ranking Model for Similar Item Recommendation Buyers reveal a whole range of behaviors and interests when they browse our pages, so we decided to incorporate these additional purchase intent signals into our machine learning model to improve the relevance of our recommended items. By: Chen Xue, Rachel Vishnepolsky and Zhen Ge Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 19, 2022 Developer Tools in Engineering OpenFeature, With Contributions From eBay, Submitted to CNCF's Sandbox Program The new open feature flagging standard enables companies to deliver cloud-native applications more effectively. By: Justin Abrahms, Principal Architect, Chair of eBay's Open Source Program Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Invent for eBay eBay’s innovation program is an incubator for new concepts and features that contribute to the future of the eBay platform. By cultivating fresh ideas from employees around the world, the program demonstrates that anyone can help shape what’s next for our marketplace. Watch this documentary series to get an inside look at how new features are made at eBay. Learn more Projects Featured Projects eBayUI-Core Collection of Marko widgets; considered to be the core building blocks for all eBay components, pages and apps. Learn More NuRaft Raft core implementation as a replication library. Learn More MarkoJS A friendly and super-fast UI library that makes building web apps fun. Learn More Akutan An open source distributed knowledge graph store written in Go, Architected to scale to billions of triples. Learn More HeadGazeLib A library to empower iOS app control through head gaze without a finger touch. Learn More View Our Github Technology Under The Hood TensorFlow PyTorch OpenCV Kubernetes Docker Envoy Prometheus gRPC Android iOS Hadoop Spark Kotlin Kafka Node.js Python Go OpenJDK SONiC Marko Jenkins Elastic Spring OpenAPI Stay Connected Building Your Network Get the latest updates on what's happening at eBay. Follow us: Github Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Vimeo Join Our Team View Opportunities eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top