Students & Recent Grads - eBay Inc. Careers Skip to main content Career Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs Students & Recent Grads Job Search Search Kickstart Your Career With eBay If you are a college student or recent graduate, eBay welcomes you to join us in our mission to connect millions of buyers and sellers around the world. Bring your passion, ideas, and unique perspective to a team that is dedicated to creating economic opportunity for all. In return, we will ensure that you have access to our leadership, networking opportunities, developmental opportunities, and more – so that you can continue to learn and grow both personally and professionally. Interns and Recent Grads Help us reimagine our marketplace for millions of customers around the world. US & Canada Opportunities US & Canada Opportunities Want to shape how millions of people buy, sell, connect, and share around the world? Imagine your career at eBay! Check out our featured opportunities for Internships and Recent Grads. Global Opportunities Global Opportunities Did you know eBay has 152M active buyers online around the globe? Imagine your career at eBay! Check out our featured global opportunities for students and recent grads. I chose to return to eBay full-time after completing a summer internship. For twelve weeks, I worked alongside Finance leaders in Corporate FP&A which provided me with a one-of-a-kind learning experience, as well as demonstrated eBay’s investment in developing new talent—making my decision to return very easy. – Carling W., Finance Futures Program Grace Hopper Conference eBay values strategic partnerships with organizations who have a proven track record of success and shares our values and our commitment to diversity and inclusion. GHC is an excellent partner to help improve our gender diversity efforts and that’s why eBay has supported GHC as a Diamond Sponsor for the past four years. Read more+ With more than 80 employees in attendance this year, our booth was vibrant and in a premium location at the career fair. People lined up for our booth, and we screened hundreds of candidates. Those lines were comprised of computer and data scientists, product managers, user interface designers, students, professionals, people returning to work, women and men. We built a strong pipeline of recent college graduates (RCGs)s (undergrads, masters, PhDs) and interns ready to help us shape the future of eBay. AfroTech Conference What makes our global marketplace so vibrant is the mosaic of voices, representing many walks of life and communities, who buy and sell on our platform, join our workforce and bring their best selves to our workplace. Diversity and Inclusion are core to who we are at eBay. Read more+ Every year, we’re proud to support the AfroTech conference in the Bay Area, which convenes black technologists, creatives and entrepreneurs from across the globe. In 2019, AfroTech attracted more than 10,000 participants to network, explore employment opportunities and learn from industry thought leaders spanning a myriad of topics. eBay has supported AfroTech since it began in 2016 as its first corporate sponsor and remains committed to the organization’s vision. Intern Conference As part of the university recruiting summer programming, we bring together interns from across the nation to participate in a 2-3 day conference to get them inspired by the eBay brand, work on team challenges that help innovate the eBay platform and give them a front row seat to innovative eBay leaders within our company. I was brought on as the only UX researcher for the entire department, giving me the incredible opportunity to carve out my own space, define my own research, and see my recommendations have an impact across the org. It’s incredibly challenging, but that’s exactly what makes it so rewarding. – Brianna P., Intern Global Customer Experience, UX researcher We Help Propel Your Career YES! Stands for Young Employee Society YES! is a community for the young and young-at-heart looking to energize culture and spark innovation within eBay while developing their careers—or helping others develop theirs. We exist to create a safe place where all employees can access opportunities. Experience Our Finance Futures Program Our Finance Futures Program is for recent college graduates who will have the chance to experience different finance functions including analytics, controlling, and finance. You will be coached and mentored by leadership staff along the way. Ready to Apply? Imagine Your Career at eBay! US & Canada Openings Global Openings eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top