Government Relations - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Government Relations We engage beyond the walls of our business to create a better ecommerce environment for our community. By providing our customers with a voice in major policy discussions we can collectively create industry-wide policy change. Make Your Voice Heard The eBay global Government Relations team represents the interests of eBay and all other eBay businesses before governments around the world through legislative and regulatory work, advocacy programs and global commerce policy thought leadership. Areas of Focus We monitor and are actively involved in a wide variety of legislative and regulatory issues around the world on behalf of the eBay community. Our focus is providing buyers and sellers globally with the ability to move goods via the internet with minimal legislative interference. Read more+ Learn more In addition to tracking and managing a wide variety of ecommerce issues, the eBay Government Relations (GR) team focuses on several areas critical to providing a safe environment for our customers while giving them a voice in the halls of power around the world. These areas include: Government Affairs The GR team advocates for legislation and regulation that supports commerce, the interests of eBay, and its community of users around the globe. Our team interacts with government officials, politicians, and public policy thought leaders. Advocacy Programs Government officials listen best when they hear from their constituents. This is why the GR team offers a variety of advocacy programs that provide our customers with an opportunity to communicate with legislators on issues important to internet buyers and sellers. Brand Relations The Brand Relations team creates strategic partnerships with brands and industry stakeholders to reinforce eBay’s position as a trusted platform, protecting and optimizing brands asset and serving as a high value distribution channel. Antitrust/Competition Team The eBay Antitrust/Competition group ensures that eBay complies with the varied competition laws that exist in the many jurisdictions in which eBay operates. The Issues That Matter Legislators around the world have the power to greatly affect ecommerce. Stay informed about the issues that matter to online buyers and sellers. Read more+ Learn more Global Trade eBay believes global trade rules should be modernized to ensure small business participation in technology-enabled global commerce. Postal Policy eBay supports postal policies that set the framework for a viable postal system, guarantee access to reliable and affordable shipping alternatives, and support the hundreds of thousands of small ecommerce businesses that use the eBay platform. Research Reports The eBay global marketplace sits at the nexus of technology and commerce, transforming the way goods are bought and sold. Our research examines how globalization and technology empower small and medium-sized enterprises to participate in a more inclusive and robust economy. Read more+ Learn more US Small Online Business Report The findings presented in this report related to trade and growth suggest the global commerce opportunities offered by eBay can once again offer a pathway to economic recovery for American small businesses, regardless of location. EU Small Online Business Trade Report Using trade data, the report describes how eBay is empowering small businesses and entrepreneurs in every country of the EU to extend their geographic reach and actively engage with global customers. Women-Owned Small Online Business Trade Report This report explores the unprecedented trade success of women-owned small businesses and entrepreneurs in the United States on eBay. Learn more Small Business Ambassador Network eBay SBAN members represent different races, genders, ethnicities, product categories and business models. This diverse community of sellers advocate for sound public policies around the globe that affect all small businesses. Small Business Ambassador Network at a Glance 23 Countries represented 3,776 People employed by SBAN members $521M GMV of SBAN members Washington, DC Advocacy Day 2019 Meeting with Members of Congress Each year a select group of sellers from our Small Business Ambassador Network program join us on Capitol Hill. This year 24 small business owners from 20 states visited their members of Congress to discuss critical ecommerce issues like trade and postal reform. Rome Advocacy Day 2019 Meeting with Italian Members of Parliament The eBay GR team brought 9 small business owners from across Italy to Rome to meet with Members of Parliament. The group focused on Members serving on committees actively considering legislation that affects all Italian ecommerce participants. eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top