Reset your password | eBay 693453574172bbad793a-4d72-408a-97f0-fc878477c027:1825226c8ec19997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Account Settings Reset your password Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 2 min article Reset your password Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. Resetting your password if you've forgotten it Changing your password for security reasons Troubleshooting if you have problems changing your password Whether you've simply forgotten your password and need to reset it, or want to make a change for security reasons, it's easy to change your eBay password. If you suspect your account may have been hacked, go to our article on getting help with a hacked account We recommend regularly updating your password to help keep your account secure. We'll email you if a new device or browser is used to sign in to your account that hasn't been used to access your account before. If you don't recognize the login details, you should change your password and contact us to let us know. Resetting your password if you've forgotten it If you've forgotten your password select the Reset your password button below: Reset your password - opens in new window or tab For security, we'll ask you to verify yourself by email or text. If you choose email verification and don't receive a message within 5 minutes, check your spam or junk folders. Changing your password for security reasons If you know your current password and want to change it, select the Change your password button below: Change your password - opens in new window or tab You can also change your password in the Account section of My eBay. Here's how: Go to Sign in and security - opens in new window or tab. Select Edit next to Password. Enter your current password and your new password. Select Submit. For more ways to protect your account, see our tips for keeping your eBay account secure - opens in new window or tab. Tip Remember to sign in with your new password if you use the eBay app as well. Troubleshooting if you have problems changing your password If you’ve tried the steps above and you’re experiencing problems changing or resetting your password, try the following troubleshooting tips: Make sure Caps Lock is off when you’re typing your new password Clear your cache and cookies Check that your browser isn’t automatically populating the password field with an old password. If this is happening, manually type in your new password, or turn off auto-fill in your browser settings If you’ve tried to change your password more than 5 times in the last 24 hours, you’ll need to wait 24 hours before trying again. Top Takeaway If you’ve forgotten your eBay password, you can reset it. Or you can change your password in My eBay to keep your account secure. Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Account Settings You might also be interested in: Changing your username Your username or user ID is the unique name you chose when you created your eBay account. It’s the name other eBay members see when you’re buying or selling with them.1 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert