Registering as a seller | eBay 693453614491f4f825c3-c814-4055-a40c-e2c6fe1c4a89:182522717b519997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Fees & billing Getting Started Registering as a seller Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 4 min article Registering as a seller Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. Confirming your identity Uploading documents to eBay Verifying your banking details Providing your social security number When you register as an eBay seller, we'll confirm your identity, checking account details for payouts, and business details if applicable. As an eBay seller, you’ll receive your payouts in your linked checking account or Visa or Mastercard debit card. Verifying your details helps you avoid any delays in receiving your payouts. We’ll verify your details when you register for a seller account, or if you update any relevant information on your account. If we’re not able to verify your details, we may contact you for more information, or put a banner on your eBay account to let you know what action you need to take. You may not be able to receive your payouts until we verify your details. Tip Be sure to double-check your information is accurate before submitting it. This can avoid delays later on. Confirming your identity To sell on eBay, we'll need to confirm your identity at registration. We may also need to confirm your identity at other times. If you’re a Registered Business seller, we’ll need to confirm information about your business, as well as any beneficial owners, officers, directors, or account managers. Individual sellers (one person or a married couple) will need to provide: Full name Address Date of birth Social Security Number (SSN) If you're selling as a Registered Business (Sole proprietor/Single member LLC, Corporation/Multi member LLC, Partnership), you'll need to provide: Individual identification information for beneficial owners, officers, directors, or account managers Legal business name “Doing Business As” (DBA) name (if you have one) Employer Identification Number (EIN) Business address Phone number Providing proof of identification In some cases, we may need you to send us a photo of a valid form of identification. We’ll send you an email, as well as put a banner on your account, as a reminder to let you know what we need, including instructions on how to upload the image. We accept the following forms of valid identification: Driver’s license Federal or state-issued ID card Passport Uploading documents to eBay When you’re uploading documents to eBay, the files you upload must follow eBay's guidelines. You should make sure the names on the documents match the names on your eBay account. Additionally, the files must be: In JPEG, JPG, PDF, or PNG format Visible from edge to edge, including all four corners - we may not be able to verify your details if the image is blurry or if information is cut off A maximum file size of 10 MB In color Verifying your banking details To receive payouts, you’ll need to link your checking account to your eBay account. It’s important to make sure that the names on both accounts match. For a personal account, your first name and last name should be the same on your checking account and your eBay account For a business account, the business name associated with your checking account should be the same as the business name you use to register on eBay For example, if the business name on your checking account is “Joe’s Hobby Shop”, that’s the name you should use to register for your eBay business account It’s also important to make sure that your account type on eBay matches your checking account type. For example, if you have a business eBay account, you’ll need a business checking account to register as a seller. To verify your bank account, we'll need: Name on the checking account Bank name Routing number Account number Once we verify your information, we’ll send you an email to let you know you’re set up. If we can't verify your information, we may ask you to verify your linked checking account another way, such as: Logging into your bank When verifying your account, if your bank is available in the Add a bank account list, you can select it and log in directly with your bank credentials. This is the fastest way to verify your checking account. Using microdeposits Alternatively, you can verify your account using two microdeposits (small payments) sent to your linked checking account. Here’s how to verify your account using microdeposits: Sign in Seller Hub or my eBay. Select the banner to verify your bank account. Select Verify with microdeposits. Once they’ve reached your account (1-3 business days), sign into Seller Hub or my eBay. Select the banner to verify your bank account and enter the microdeposit amounts. It can take up to 3 business days for microdeposits to reach your account, and we’ll email you to confirm they’ve arrived. Once verification is complete, the microdeposits will be withdrawn from your checking account. Tip Don’t attempt to enter any amounts until the microdeposits have reached your checking account as this could cause issues with verifying your account. Providing your bank statement If we can’t verify your linked checking account using one of the methods above, you may need to send us a color picture of a recent bank statement for that account. If we need this additional information, we’ll send you an email with instructions on how to upload the image. Please make sure that the bank statement: Is for the account you’re trying to register Is for an account that belongs to you and shows your first and last name or legal business name Is 3 months old or less Shows at least the last 4 digits of your bank account number If it’s a credit union account, include the last 4 digits of the account number and not the member number Contains the official letterhead of your bank Your image can be in JPEG, JPG, PDF, or PNG format. The maximum file size is 10 MB. If you don’t want to upload a bank statement, you can upload a voided check. Your name, bank name, routing number, and account number will need to be visible. Providing your social security number If you haven’t already given us your Social Security Number (SSN), Employer Identification Number (EIN), or Individual Tax Identification Number (ITIN), we'll ask you to provide it once you reach $600 in sales for the 2022 calendar year. For more information please read our article on eBay and Form 1099-K. Top Takeaway In order to pass verification, make sure that your checking account type matches your eBay account type. For example, if you have a business checking account, make sure you register for a business account on eBay. Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Fees & billing Getting Started You might also be interested in: Start getting paid on eBay Getting paid for items you’ve sold on eBay is simple. Your buyers can choose from a range of payment methods, eBay manages the end-to-end payments process, and you receive your funds directly in your checking account.2 min article Managing your contact information As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information.1 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert