eBay Foundation - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community eBay Foundation eBay Foundation Overview Grantees Employees Overview Grantees Employees Why we do what we do To unleash the power of entrepreneurship and build economically vibrant and thriving communities. And, we’ve been doing it since 1998. eBay Foundation partners with nonprofit organizations that are addressing and removing barriers to entrepreneurship for people who identify with historically excluded groups. We also support our employees with meaningful giving and volunteering opportunities. From driving local giving and volunteering in their communities, to working with us to match their donations and volunteer hours to the causes they are passionate about, the eBay Foundation is core to our culture. Our Impact by the Numbers $ 5 M in employee contributions and matching gifts in 2021 $ 76 M granted since 1998 250000 entrepreneurs supported since 2017 Meet the People Behind Our Giving Learn more Our Grantees We partner with nonprofits that accelerate entrepreneurship among Black, Indigenous and people of color in the U.S. and women globally. We believe they are the experts working on everything from small business policy to providing the capital, capacity-building and connections that entrepreneurs need. This important work continues as we expand our strategy to include deep listening and partnership in advancing systems change intended to build the holistic ecosystem of support historically underserved entrepreneurs require in order to thrive. Learn more Our Employees We stand with our employees when they support the causes and communities close to their hearts. Through our matching gifts program, eBay Foundation matches employees’ personal donations and volunteer time up to $10,000 per employee, per year. Led by eBay employees, our Changemakers teams drive volunteering and giving in our local communities – being the change and inspiring it in others. By putting trust, empathy and humility into action, Changemakers help make our communities better places to live and work – for everyone. Our Commitment to Our Grantees We learn from you and adapt to your lived realities and emerging needs. We use our voice and resources to amplify yours, as trusted experts in the field. Our Commitment to Our Employees We stand with our employees when they give to the causes they care about, amplifying their impact. When they are a Changemaker, we provide them with the tools and resources to connect with colleagues and community. eBay Foundation News May 24, 2022 eBay Foundation eBay Foundation Welcomes New Board Members With An Eye on Strategy Eve Williams, Jonathan Jayes-Green and Patrice Green join the Foundation’s Board of Directors. Allie Ottoboni, President, eBay Foundation Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Jan 20, 2022 eBay Foundation In Australia, Investing in the Power of Sisterhood Global Sisters, the eBay Foundation’s Global Give grantee, is investing in women for the long term. Jennifer Mattson, eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Dec 20, 2021 eBay Foundation Black Girl Ventures On Celebrating Community Our eBay Foundation grantee creates social and financial capital for Black and other women of color founders. Jennifer Mattson, eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more Proud Members Of eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top