eBay bulk listing tools | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update eBay bulk listing tools Manage your listings more efficiently with eBay’s bulk listing tools. Page navigation Home Listings eBay bulk listing tools On this page eBay bulk listing tools Choose the right listing tool Tips for bulk editing your listings Third-party editing tools FAQs eBay bulk listing tools The ecommerce world moves fast, and when you’ve got a lot of active listings you want to be able to make changes to them quickly. eBay’s bulk listing tools let you create multiple listings at once and edit up to 500 live listings at a time so you can keep moving. Choose the right listing tool The right listing and editing tools depend on the size of your business, as well as the number and format of listings you have. Single Listing Tool Create and manage single listings with just a few clicks of the mouse. This is ideal for sellers who don't list a lot of items at once. Inventory volume: Low Technical Difficulty: Easy Try the Single Listing Tool now Multiple Listing Tool Want to list large amounts of inventory efficiently? Create and edit multiple listings at once. Inventory volume: Medium Technical Difficulty: Easy Try the Multiple Listing Tool now Seller Hub Discover the streamlined way to build and run your eBay business. Designed for professional sellers, Seller Hub puts all the tools and insights you'll need into one easy-to-use place. Inventory volume: All Technical Difficulty: Easy Try eBay Seller Hub now Seller Hub Reports Seller Hub Reports, formerly known as eBay File Exchange, lets you upload and manage your inventory easily and efficiently in CSV or tab-delimited files. If you use a third-party inventory application and need to upload the information to eBay, this tool is for you. Learn more about how to use Seller Hub Reports. Inventory volume: High Technical Difficulty: Intermediate Try Seller Hub Reports now Merchant Integration Platform We've got high-volume small-business and enterprise merchants covered. Merchant Integration Platform is a feed-based platform that lets you upload your inventory in bulk, then quickly and efficiently create listings and manage orders. Inventory volume: High Technical Difficulty: Advanced Get details on Merchant Integration Platform Trading APIs eBay API's enable Certified Partners to integrate seamlessly with the eBay marketplace. Inventory volume: High Technical Difficulty: Advanced Get details on Trading APIs Large Merchant Services Leverage eBay's robust IT infrastructure and reduce demands on your network bandwidth by shifting the processing burden of very large inventories from your servers to ours. Inventory volume: High Technical Difficulty: Advanced Get details on Large Merchant Services Tips for bulk editing your listings Having trouble when you try to bulk edit your listings? Try these tips: Start simple. Read the error or alert message to see which listings aren’t working. Submit the listings that are working, then go back to correct the error on the remaining ones. Double check. Are you trying to edit a field such as listing format, which can’t be changed? Trying to edit an auction listing within 12 hours of auction end? Have outstanding Best Offers on a listing? These are some of the most common errors in bulk editing. Learn more about what you can and can’t edit (and when). Compliance with eBay changes. If you’re editing an older Good 'Til Cancelled listing, that listing may not be fully in compliance with more recent changes to eBay policies. A common problem is listings that mention check or money order as payment methods, though these are no longer accepted. Edit the listing to bring it into compliance with new requirements. Read more about the latest changes in the Seller Center. Narrow it down. Try cutting down the number of fields or listings you are trying to edit at once, which will help you find what’s causing the problem. Ask for help. Have you checked out eBay discussion boards? There are boards for most eBay-owned tools, where you can search for answers to questions from people who’ve faced the same dilemmas as you or ask your own question. Third-party tools often host their own boards as well. You can also contact eBay for assistance with eBay-owned tools. For assistance with third-party tools, please contact the third-party developer directly. Third-party editing tools Need to manage and edit more than 500 listings? You have access to third-party editing tools that can handle thousands of listings at a time. See what’s available on our Apps Center. Please note there may be costs associated with these solutions. FAQs What is the Seller Hub Reports tool and what does it allow you to do? Seller Hub Reports allows you to upload and download data from eBay in CSV format to manage listings, download orders, and provide fulfillment information. You can access the new Reports tab in Seller Hub. It can also be accessed programmatically with the same file feeds, through the Feeds API, using eBay OAuth. What can I do with a Report? A report allows you to import data about sales to a bookkeeping program or manual audits to see the status and performance of your business. These are not meant to be uploaded. These reports do not contain data about returns or refunds. How far back can Seller Hub Reports download data? Seller Hub Reports can download data for the last 90 days. To obtain data beyond this timeframe, Sellers would need to request their eBay data by clicking here. What is a template and how can I use it to create a listing? A template is a file with predefined column headers that is meant to be reuploaded for listing or fulfillment related business activities. We are now working on a brand new template for uploading new items. Currently, we have an Edit price and quantity template as well as a template called Order tracking and shipping info, which can be used to add tracking to an order. How do I add formatting into my listing descriptions? Since CSV files are flat text only, all file formatting needs to be specified via HTML. A free online HTML editor, or an eBay draft listing, can be used to generate the code. For those unfamiliar with HTML, it is recommended to keep things simple to avoid compatibility issues (paragraphs, bullet points, etc.) All HTML editors also have to be free of hard/carriage returns. What is the word “Variation” used for in a template? Also called multi-SKU, it identifies multiple variants of the same single product (such as colors or sizes). Variation helps to define products in addition to item specifics.Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert