Selling on eBay | Electronics, Fashion, Home & Garden | eBay Skip to main content SellingYou are on selling home page My eBay Make money selling on eBay Sell your items fast—millions of buyers are waiting.List an item Learn the basics Here's what you need to know to start selling. 1 List your item You can list new or used items and pay a final value fee only when it sells. Learn more about fees. 2 Get seller protection You’re protected by policies, monitoring, and our customer service team. 3 Choose when you get paid You can schedule either daily or weekly payouts, and we'll deposit your earnings directly into your bank account. Selling as a business? We make it easy We’ve got powerful tools to help you manage your inventory and orders, track your sales, and build your brand.Learn more Create a great listing Here’s five ways to set yourself up for success. Write a standout title We’ll recommend search terms that buyers often use, so be sure to add these in the title. Avoid all caps and focus on specific details like brand, model, size, and color. Take high-quality photos Snap your items from multiple angles in a well-lit place, and capture any blemishes for transparency. On the eBay app, you can clean up your images and add a white background. Pick a purchase format If you want to sell your item quickly, Buy it Now is probably the best format for you. Otherwise, if you want to try your luck and shoot for the best possible price, choose Auction. Set the right price We will recommend a price based on recent sales of similar items. You can even watch how other sellers are pricing their items, or use Best Offer to negotiate and sell faster. Ship with ease We provide recommendations for delivery, but to save on shipping, use an eBay delivery label. Plus, if you’re selling locally, you can also offer Local Pickup. FAQ How much does it cost to sell? Once your item sells, we generally charge 10-15% of the final value. Your first 250 listings each month are free and, after, there’s a $0.35 insertion fee per listing. Learn more about fees What’s the best way to ship my item? eBay provides recommendations, but you can choose a preferred shipping carrier. Can’t make it to your local dropoff? Some offer free “ship from home” pickup. Print your shipping labels with eBay to receive a discount from the carriers we work with. If you don’t have a printer, we also offer QR codes for eBay labels. Can I sell locally on eBay? When creating your listing, you can offer local pickup by selecting it in shipping details. Once the buyer pays, they’ll receive a QR code and a 6-digit code, which you can scan or enter with the app to confirm the sale. How much will it cost to ship my item? You can choose the shipping option that offers the greatest value and convenience for you. Learn more about shipping. Where can I get shipping supplies? You can use any packaging supplies you may already have at home or get free boxes from carriers. For an added touch, eBay branded supplies are available to purchase. Buy eBay branded packaging. How should I choose my listing price? For most items, we can provide a price recommendation for you based on recently sold, similar items. How you price your item can depend on how you prefer to sell it—Auction or Buy It Now. Choose a lower starting price for auctions to create more interest. How does eBay protect sellers? We understand that things can happen that are out of your control as a seller. When they do, we have your back. Learn more about seller protection. What can I sell on eBay? You can sell almost anything, from homemade goods to used or unused items from your closet. We restrict items that violate any laws, or infringe on intellectual property. How do I create an account? To get started, select List an item. We’ll help you create and verify your account, and set-up payment information during your first listing. Have your preferred payment account details on hand and be ready to receive a call or text on your phone for verification. When will I get paid? After we confirm the buyer's payment has been received, payouts are sent directly to your bank account, Monday through Friday (excluding bank holidays), within two business days. Once a payout is initiated, funds are typically available within 1-3 business days depending on your bank's normal processing time. Do I have to pay federal income tax on my sales? Starting on Jan 1, 2022, IRS regulations require all businesses that process payments, including online marketplaces like eBay, to issue a Form 1099-K for all sellers who receive $600 or more in sales. The new tax reporting requirement may impact your 2022 tax return that you may file in 2023. However, just because you receive a 1099-K doesn’t automatically mean that you’ll owe taxes on the amount reported on your 1099-K. Only goods that are sold for a profit are considered taxable, so you won’t owe any taxes on something you sell for less than what you paid for it. For example, if you bought a bike for $1,000 last year, and then sold it on eBay today for $700, that $700 you made would generally not be subject to income tax. Check out our 1099-K FAQ to learn more about these changes. Selling on eBay Seller CenterNavigate to Seller Center help page Sell for charityNavigate to Sell for charity help page Business toolsNavigate to Business tools help page Support Customer serviceNavigate to Customer service help page Seller policiesNavigate to Seller policies help page CommunityNavigate to Community help page List an itemClick on button - List an item Additional site navigation Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert