Rules and policies | eBay 6934531253293f31bc47-b212-4cf5-bcdb-53016c9bfbc5:1825223656919997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Account eBay Policies eBay rules and policies Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 4 min overview eBay rules and policies We're committed to providing a secure and fair marketplace for our buyers and sellers. To support this commitment, we've put in place rules and policies that govern our expectations of buyers and sellers, the actions we'll take to keep you safe, and how we'll protect you if something goes wrong. Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. By becoming familiar with and following our policies, you'll help us maintain a safe environment for all, and be able to avoid interruptions that might come from inadvertent violations of our rules. Some of our rules reflect local legal requirements, while others are based on our experience of how best to protect everyone using eBay services. In our policy section, you'll find information on items that can and can't be sold, guides to creating and maintaining listings, details on how we protect your personal details and more. You can also find our User Agreement, User Privacy Notice, and Cookie Notice. These lay out the most critical information around our terms of use, the information we collect from you, and how we keep that information safe.Prohibited and restricted items Learn about items that can and can't be sold on eBay, and where we have restrictions on the sale of some products and services.Rules and policies for buyers When you bid on or buy and item on eBay, you're agreeing to the rules we've set out for our community.Feedback policies While feedback is intended as an open forum, we have guidelines and policies to ensure it's used constructively and fairly.Member behavior policies When you buy and sell on eBay, we expect that you and your information are treated in a respectful manner, and that you afford other members the same courtesy.eBay Money Back Guarantee policy When you buy on eBay, in most cases, we guarantee that you'll get your item or your money back.Listing policies Find out everything you need to know about our rules for creating listings, and get advice on how to make your listings more successful.Selling policies Our selling policies are designed to help you deliver the best experience possible to your buyers.Motors bidding policy Learn about our motors policy and find out how to sell cars and other motor vehicles on eBay.False reports of policy violations Find out how we deal with false reports of policy violations.Identity policies Find out how our identity policies protect all of our members, and make eBay a safe and trusted marketplace.Payment policies Learn about the approved payment methods sellers can offer in their listings and find help on what to do if something goes wrong.eBay Marketing Program Terms If you launch any of eBay’s advertising services, including Promoted Listings, you are agreeing to the eBay Marketing Program Terms.Resolving technical issues Learn how to troubleshoot any technical issues you may experience with our site. Activity that doesn’t follow eBay policy could result in a range of actions including administratively ending or canceling listings, hiding or demoting all listings from search results, lowering a seller's rating, buying or selling restrictions, loss of buyer or seller protections, account suspension, application of fees, and recovery of expenses for policy monitoring and enforcement, for example. All fees paid or payable in relation to listings in which we take any action can't be refunded or otherwise credited. Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Account You might also be interested in: Your eBay account It takes just a few minutes to create an eBay account. Once your account is set up, you can buy and sell, send messages to other eBay members, and leave feedback for buyers and sellers.1 min overview Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert