Meet the Team | eBay Partner		Network Skip to main content Solutions Build Ads & Campaigns Drive Traffic to Increase Revenue Monitor Performance & Optimize Results For Developers Getting Started Resources Insights & Updates Special Business Models Audience Sharing Partners Network Status Help Center Payment Calendar Contact Us Our Program Why Partner With eBay? What is Affiliate Marketing? Featured Category Center Rate Card Meet the Team English (US) US Log In Sign Up Search Search all pages for “Lorem” Select Language English (US) Deutsch (DE) Français (FR) Español (ES) Italiano (IT) Submit Home >Our Program Meet the Team Meet the Team Why Partner With eBay? Rate Card What is Affiliate Marketing? Featured Category Center Discover who makes the program happen It takes a diverse group of contributors to shepherd a wide array of partners and support a massive global business, of which this is only a sample: Reanne Berkstresser Director of EPN With eBay since 2015 Reanne leads the Partnerships business, delivers opportunity for valued partners as well as eBay buyers and sellers, and drives strong financial performance for eBay. Reanne has held a number of roles across various marketing teams and, prior to eBay, Reanne worked in financial risk consulting. Best eBay find: My daughter’s favorite pajamas, which were discontinued - and in the next size up at that! Tien Huang Head of Growth & Partner Success With eBay since 2010 Tien leads the team that provides technical and business solutions for partners through new tools and innovations to drive growth to eBay. Best eBay find: New Breville BES840XL Espresso Machine - it was a great deal! Yianna Konstandinou Partnerships Lead, Australia With eBay since 2022 Yianna leads the eBay Partner Network for Australia. She is responsible for identifying new opportunities, while also maintaining and leveraging existing relationships. Prior to eBay, Yianna commenced her time in the Affiliate industry at an agency back in 2016, and has since had experience in client-side and publisher settings working across Finance, Marketplace, Travel, Retail and Telco verticals. Best eBay find: An outrageous elf costume for my dog Archie - he won "best dressed"! David Munoz Customer Service Manager With eBay since 2019 David leads our customer support team. Before eBay, David worked in marketing and management roles with companies like Nielsen Media Research and Microsoft. Best eBay find: A 2003 Apple eMac that I purchased for my kids to play vintage edutainment games. Martin Freyberg Senior Technical Integration Growth Specialist With eBay since 2020 Martin consults on technical integration for eBay’s European partners. Together with Tien, he is also responsible to drive growth to eBay through innovations and new technical solutions. Best eBay find: Heavy Metal patches of all kinds of bands! Ross Mallett Head of Partner Management With eBay since 2015 Ross identifies new opportunities with our most strategic global partners. Before eBay, Ross worked on a variety of strategic initiatives in the world of gaming - leading monetization and retention efforts for DoubleDown Interactive; senior franchise marketing manager for PopCap Games; and was the Director of Marketing for WildTangent. Best eBay find: Michael Jordan '86-87 Fleer Rookie Sticker - I realized that I had three of them in my basement. Dennis Ferrell Head of Business Development With eBay since 2022 Dennis is charged with spearheading the growth of eBay’s Partner Network base by identifying and onboarding new, strategic partnerships. Before eBay, Dennis worked in various Partnership and Business Development roles for Yahoo, YouSendIt, Inktomi and IAC in addition to advisory roles for several startup ventures. Best eBay find: All kinds of golf and cycling gear! Erin Stoner Product and Growth Solutions Manager With eBay since 2012 Erin keeps our channel competitive in the affiliate world by conducting competitive analysis, managing the channel’s product backlog, and working with cross-functional stakeholders to drive requirements to deliver internal and external value. Best eBay find: 50” 4K Ultra HD TV, Polarized Ray-Ban Aviators, or a hot tub. Lucia Palombino Partnerships Lead - France, Italy and Spain With eBay since 2019 Lucia drives revenue growth and partnership opportunities for the network across the French, Italian and Spanish (FRITES) markets. Before eBay, she worked for five years as an account manager for Tradedoubler Italy, where she built up her experience with affiliate and performance marketing across a varied portfolio of advertisers. Before that, she worked as a media planner for an agency that specialized in performance marketing solutions. Best eBay find: A vintage Casio watch for my boyfriend that was identical to the one he had as a kid. Dorota Townsend Partnerships Lead, Germany With eBay since 2018 Dorota leads the network for German partners where she seeks out new business, establishes new partnerships, and leverages new opportunities. Before eBay, she worked for nearly a decade in online travel at TripAdvisor, where she was also responsible for strategic partnerships. Best eBay find: A dream Benetton jumper. That felt good! Hadas Shahak Ben-Horin Senior Growth Manager With eBay since 2019 Hadas leads growth and strategic initiatives for eBay, and owns the Go-To-Market strategy and execution process for eBay Partner Network products and programs. Prior to eBay, Hadas worked in various marketing and product roles at Google and startup companies across the US, Israel, and Ireland. Best eBay find: Vintage jewelry gold clasps that completed my handmade designed necklace - the set turned out amazing! Mariia Ruskykh Business Operations Specialist With eBay since 2020 Mariia leads the SOX Audit processes, ensures compliance with regulations teams, and assists partners with GDPR-related requests. Together with Martin, she also consults partners on technical integration issues. Best eBay find: Favorite set of suitcases - have been using this set for all my travels for more than 6 years now. Riccardo Raggioli Business Operations Specialist With eBay since 2020 Riccardo leads Data Council Audit projects and helps to protect one of eBay's most valuable assets - data. He also collaborates with the EPN team to establish and optimize any existing processes that need refreshing! Before eBay, Riccardo worked for companies such like Saxo Bank and Amazon. Best eBay find: Retro basketball shoes from '84 - these are near impossible to find anywhere else! Edoardo Spadaro Technical Integration Growth Specialist With eBay since 2019 Edoardo supports eBay’s European partners with technical integrations. His main area of focus is providing EPN partners with technical documentation, information, and practical examples about Buy APIs integrations that can help drive incremental growth. Best eBay find: OLYMPUS OM-SYSTEM Lens, Zuiko Auto-Zoom 65-200mm Steven Silveira Technical Integration Growth Specialist With eBay since 2022 Steven consults on technical integration for eBay’s North American and Australian partners. He is responsible for providing technical solutions that aim to grow the business of both eBay and its partners. Best eBay find: Callaway JAWS wedge (cheaper than found in stores!) Aditi Upmanyu Business Process Analyst With eBay since 2020 Aditi manages the monthly payout process for the eBay Partner Network and ensures that global partners are paid accurately and on time - all with a bow on top! Best eBay find: I’m always on the hunt for Funko Pop! deals and the most recent one that caught my eye was a Ronald McDonald Funko Pop! Rebecca Mangaroo Partnership Lead, United Kingdom With eBay since 2022 Rebecca manages the UK region for the eBay Partner Network. She is responsible for building and maintaining existing relationships and identifying new opportunities. Prior to eBay, Rebecca worked in the affiliate industry across numerous roles with companies such as Expedia Group and Omnicom Media Group. Best eBay find: Burberry Classic Trench Coat for £400. I was over the moon to find this luxury item on eBay in such good condition at an affordable price. Help Center Insights & Updates Contact Us Network Agreement Privacy Notice Rate Card Language Picker Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Partner Network Inc.