Our Benefits - eBay Inc. Careers Skip to main content Career Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs Our Benefits Job Search Search Our Health & Wellness Benefits Whether you’re single, in a growing family, or nearing retirement, eBay offers a variety of comprehensive and competitive benefit programs to meet your needs. Benefits are an important part of your total compensation for the work you do every day. Read more+ We strive to offer programs that help support both mind and body, including quality healthcare insurance and wellness programs, plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead, and time off programs so you can recharge. During your interview, please ask about the local wellness programs. Our Financial Benefits We provide a variety of plans to help ensure your financial security today and in the years ahead because we know feeling financially secure during your working years and through retirement is important. Read more+ Stock Purchase Plans Retirement Savings and Pension Plans Stock Awards Life Insurance and Disability Benefits Credit Union Memberships Your financial future is important. Ask about financial benefits during your hiring process. Balancing Work & Life We offer many programs such as paid holidays and PTO, sabbaticals, and flextime to support your mind and body. Read more+ Ask about additional benefits during an interview. Our eBay Impact Programs Our employees around the globe strive to have a positive impact on our customers, our communities and our planet, both through the work they do every day, and our various community engagement programs. Read more+ Here are some ways our employees are improving the communities they call home: Impact Teams Skills-Based Volunteering Matching Gifts Please note that the full list of benefits available to new employees varies from location to location due to differences in local laws, regulations, and customs – and may change at any time. This summary provides an overview of your benefit options as an employee of eBay (or any of its subsidiaries). It is not intended to be a complete summary of your benefits. Please refer to the actual plan documents for the terms and conditions that govern these benefits. eBay reserves the right to amend, change or terminate these benefits for any reason at any time. eBay is an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to workforce diversity. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to their protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability or long term unemployment circumstances. If you are unable to submit an application because of incompatible assistive technology or a disability, please contact us at talent@ebay.com. We will make every effort to respond to your request for disability assistance as soon as possible. eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top