How We Hire - eBay Inc. Careers Skip to main content Career Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs How We Hire Job Search Search How We Hire While some specifics may vary by location, brand, or role, here is how to start your path for a career at eBay. Start by looking for a position that matches your skills, interests, and qualifications. When you find a role that sparks your interest, click Apply and submit your information. Do your research and be prepared to discuss your work experience and qualifications. If your experience and skills seem like a good fit we may reach out to schedule an interview. Current adjustments to our hiring processes We’ve been through an extraordinary time, with many of us experiencing changes in our personal lives, and in some places, the changes are still happening. At eBay, our focus is the safety and well-being of our employees – both current and prospective – as well as our customers and communities. Learn more about how we've adapted our hiring processes for now, and what that means for you as a job candidate. Expand All Is eBay hiring during the COVID-19 pandemic? Yes, we are continuing to hire! eBay is more essential to global commerce than ever before. We’re helping small businesses stay up and running and we're looking for enthusiastic and talented people who will help us advance how the world buys, sells, and gives. Check out our job listings for the latest openings worldwide. How is eBay conducting job interviews right now? All interviews are being conducted online with videoconferencing tools. Your recruiter will fill you in on all the details ahead of any interviews. Most people you interview with will also be working from home. We’re a human company and we’re all doing our best to adapt. We’re getting to know our colleagues’ kids, pets, and other family members along the way – and we’re happy to meet yours too. How can I best prepare for my online job interview? Below, you'll find a few suggestions to help you get the most out of your video interview. Choose a quiet, well-lit area of your house. Consider letting anyone who will be at home with you know about the interview so they won't unknowingly disrupt you. Turn on your webcam beforehand and look at yourself and your background to be sure it looks the way that you want it to. Check your audio and camera settings before the interview to ensure that they are set so people can see and hear you clearly. And double check them right before the interview. If needed, consider using a headset with a microphone to improve the sound quality. We’ll send you a link to join a Zoom meeting. You can dial in a little early to check your settings. Have your phone handy just in case of any technical difficulties that would make you need to call in on your phone. Turn off any notifications or alerts on your computer that might distract during the interview. Our interview process may vary depending on region and the opportunity you are applying for. What are eBay’s vaccination requirements? We strongly encourage all eBay employees to be vaccinated. Employees in the U.S. and Canada must be fully vaccinated to visit an eBay office, attend meetings or in-person events, or travel. Proof of vaccination is required. Employees who travel to the U.S. or Canada from other countries must also be vaccinated. Only a small number of people are required to be in the office for the functioning of the business and can request an exemption. If approved, regular testing and mask wearing is required. Outside the U.S. and Canada, vaccination status does not impact employees’ eligibility to visit an eBay office. We maintain safety precautions designed to protect all employees, regardless of their vaccination status. In some locations, being vaccinated may reduce some of the safety requirements, in line with local health authority guidance. Finding the right position Expand All How do I find the right position? Start by searching for a position that matches your skills, qualifications, and interests. Once something sparks your interest and experience, click “Apply to job” and follow the login and submission instructions. If you do not already have an account, you can create one as part of this process. Submit your information for review. How can I find out where my skills and experience might fit? Our Find Jobs by Category section is a good place to start. It provides an overview of job functions and should help you find the right match. Are all eBay job opportunities including internships and graduate opportunities listed on careers.ebayinc.com? Yes. All jobs, including student, internships, and entry level positions are listed on our careers website. New jobs are posted daily, so come back often. I want to apply for a job at eBay, but I cannot find any current openings that are a good match for my interest and experience. What should I do? If you’re excited about joining eBay we encourage you to sign up for our job alerts. Get the latest career opportunities as soon as they become available. Just go to jobs.ebayinc.com, scroll to the bottom and sign-up for an alert. Applying for a position Expand All I am applying for a job. Is there anything you recommend that I do before starting my application? Yes, please be prepared to provide complete information during the application process as well as making an electronic copy of your resume accessible. A PDF or Word document is fine. You will have the opportunity to upload it directly from your computer or upload it from certain third party providers (such as LinkedIn and Dropbox). If you like, you can also type or paste your resume into the appropriate section. Do I need to answer all the questions on the application? Some are required and some are optional, but it is a good idea to answer as many questions as you can. The more information you give us, the easier it is for our hiring team to learn about your unique qualifications. I forgot my password and cannot access my eBay Careers account. How do I reset my password? If you need to change the email linked to your account, we can help you. Simply Contact Us. However, you can access the password recovery link on the login page when you’re applying to a specific job. On the login page select the "forgot password" link. Enter the email associated with your eBay Careers account and answer the security questions. Once you correctly answer the security questions, you will be able to reset your password. You can only reset your password once every 24 hours. Can I email a copy of my resume or CV to apply? No, you must create a profile on our Careers site to apply for a role. This allows you to include all the required information in your application. Email, fax, or paper copies of your resume or CV will not be accepted as an application. Can I apply for more than one job at the same time? Yes, but if you begin the interview process for a role, please inform the recruitment team that you have submitted more than one application. Can I apply for a job that is available in another country? Yes, you can apply for a job that is available in another country but, prior to employment, you will be required to have legal work authorization and follow the local visa requirements. If I do not have a work authorization visa for the country I am applying to, does eBay provide sponsorship for specific roles? Yes, in certain circumstances and for specific roles, eBay may, at their discretion and working within local immigration requirements, sponsor individuals to work in different countries. After submitting an application Once you have submitted your application, it will be reviewed by our talent acquisition team. If you are a good fit for the position (or another open position), a recruiter may contact you to discuss your application and the role. Expand All Do I need to do anything once I have submitted my resume? Be prepared to discuss your work history, qualifications, and compensation requirements after submitting your application. You should also learn as much as you can about eBay. Current information can be found on this website. What is the status of my application? There is no need to follow up after applying for a job online and submitting your profile. If your skills and experience appear to match an open position, we may contact you to discuss your qualifications. What if I don’t hear anything back once I have submitted my resume? Due to the high volume of resumes we receive, we cannot contact each person who submits their resume for consideration. If you are not selected to move forward in the process, your resume will remain in our database. If I need to update my profile information (such as email address) do I have to create a new account? If you need to change the email linked to your account, we can help you. Simply Contact Us. All your other profile information, like your address, work history, and education, can be changed in the flow while you’re applying for a job. Please do not create multiple login accounts as it could delay your application. How can I have my personal information deleted from eBay’s records? Please go to eBay's Privacy Center and submit a request under “Employment Related Questions” to have your personal information deleted. I cannot find the answer to my question. Who can I contact? Please use Contact Us to ask your question. Be prepared: tips for getting hired We want to set you up for success. Review our tips for getting hired and come prepared. Expand All Be qualified Be sure to read the full content of job postings carefully, particularly the minimum qualifications. If your experience qualifies you for the position it will improve your chances of consideration. Stand out For maximum visibility we recommend tailoring your resume to the specific position(s) that you apply to. This helps our recruiters find the needed information on your resume quickly and helps you stand out above other candidates. Manage your profile Keep your profile information current and up-to-date, including work history, job qualifications, phone number, email address, and mailing address. Also, keep track of your username and password in order to log back into your account. Check your emails If your skills and experience appear to match an open position, a recruiter may contact you to discuss your background and the position, and advise you about what to expect in the interview process. Prepare for a video interview All interviews are being conducted online with videoconferencing tools. Your recruiter will fill you in on all the details ahead of any interviews. Most people you interview with will also be working from home. We’re a human company and we’re all doing our best to adapt. We’re getting to know our colleagues’ kids, pets, and other family members along the way – and we’re happy to meet yours too. Prepare for a video interview as you normally would, but make sure that you have the right tools in place well in advance of your interview. If you have any special needs, our recruitment team is here to help accommodate. Below, you'll find a few suggestions to help you get the most out of your video interview. Choose a quiet, well-lit area of your house. Consider letting anyone who will be at home with you know about the interview so they won't unknowingly disrupt you. Turn on your webcam beforehand and look at yourself and your background to be sure it looks the way that you want it to. Check your audio and camera settings before the interview to ensure that they are set so people can see and hear you clearly. And double check them right before the interview. If needed, consider using a headset with a microphone to improve the sound quality. We’ll send you a link to join a Zoom meeting. You can dial in a little early to check your settings. Have your phone handy just in case of any technical difficulties that would make you need to call in on your phone. Turn off any notifications or alerts on your computer that might distract during the interview. Our interview process may vary depending on region and the opportunity you are applying for. Tips for interviewing Review our tips for interviewing Come well rested, dress comfortably, and be yourself. Do your research. Brush up on our company, what we do and recent news. You can find out a lot on eBayinc.com. Always come prepared and have genuine enthusiasm. We will ask specific questions depending on the position you are applying for, but all our questions are intended to help us see your capabilities. Ask us questions, too. Thoughtful questions demonstrate your level of understanding, your interest and your passions. Plus, it helps make sure eBay is a good place for you. Demonstrate your thinking process and expertise. For example, if you are a coder come prepared to write code and expect questions that are specific to your process. During the interview it is a good idea to inquire about next steps and if there is a timeframe for making a decision. eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top