AdChoice | eBay 693453557376a2f79c30-7341-40b6-babd-65a756d6701f:1825226a86919997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Account AdChoice Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 2 min article AdChoice Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. How AdChoice works Opting in or out of AdChoice Specifying your AdChoice preferences from an ad How your information is used and shared With AdChoice, you can choose whether to see customized advertising on eBay or on the websites of our advertising partners. When you search, browse, and interact on eBay and our affiliated websites, we'll use this information to make the ads you see on eBay more relevant to your interests. Are you looking to manage email notifications you receive from eBay, including direct marketing emails? Read our article on email notifications In order to show customized ads we think you'll find interesting on and off our affiliated properties, we may use information you make available to us when you interact with our sites, content or services. You can opt out of these customized ads at any time. Tip Keep in mind that if you opt out of AdChoice, you'll still see ads, but they won't be tailored to your interests based on your eBay activity. How AdChoice works You'll see an AdChoice link and icon on ads that are part of the AdChoice program. When you select the link or icon, you’ll get more information about AdChoice as well as options to specify your advertising preferences. When you select the AdChoice link or icon, you’ll be able to access and read our User Privacy Notice in the pop-up window. If you can’t see the pop-up, you might need to disable your pop-up blocker. Opting in or out of AdChoice Follow these steps to opt in or out of AdChoice customized ads: Go to our AdChoice - opens in new window or tab page. In the May we use your eBay activity to show you customized ads? box, set the toggle to Yes or No. If you select No, you’ll no longer receive customized ads on the browser you’re currently using. If you use other browsers and devices to access the internet, you’ll need to opt out on those browsers and devices as well. If you opt out, you’ll still see ads with the AdChoice link and icon, but the ads won’t be customized for you. Tip Your AdChoice preferences stay on even if you are not signed in to eBay, unless you've deleted the cookies in your browser. Specifying your AdChoice preferences from an ad You can specify your AdChoice preferences using the link in an AdChoice ad. Here’s how: Select the AdChoice link on an ad with the AdChoice icon. You’ll see information about the ad and the advertiser’s privacy practices. Select your options, such as whether to opt out of all personalized advertising or to just reject that particular advertiser. How your information is used and shared We take your privacy seriously, so we don’t share personally identifying information with any of our partners. We may work with other websites or ad networks to help bring you relevant ads, and these partners may also have access to some of the information we collect. We have controls in place designed to prevent them from identifying you. You can request a copy of the data we hold about you at any time. Top Takeaway AdChoice lets you choose whether to receive customized advertising on eBay as well as on our advertising partners’ websites. Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Account You might also be interested in: Changing your account settings If you’ve moved, started using a new email address, or changed any of your personal details, make sure you update your eBay account settings.2 min overview Get help with a hacked account If you think someone is trying to take over your account—or already has—we’ll work with you to secure it. For your protection, we may place a temporary hold on your account.2 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert