Account | eBay 69345356725219997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Account Account Top account articles for you Reset your password Whether you've simply forgotten your password and need to reset it, or want to make a change for security reasons, it's easy to change your eBay password. 2 min article Managing your contact information As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information.1 min article Protecting your account Your safety is one of our top priorities, so we take measures to help ensure your account is secure. There are also several things you can do to prevent your account from being hacked or taken over.2 min overview The Basics Settings Your Account Status Security eBay Policies The Basics Signing up for an eBay account To sign up for an eBay account, all you need is an email address. Once your account is set up, you can buy, sell, and enjoy all the benefits of being an eBay member.2 min article Signing in to your account After you’ve registered with eBay, you should sign in to your account whenever you’re looking to buy, sell, or just browse. Once you’re signed in, we can personalize your shopping experience and show you items you might like based on your interests.1 min article Messages You’ll find all messages you’ve exchanged with other eBay members, as well as important emails from us, in one place in your Messages.2 min article Settings Managing your contact information As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information.1 min article Reset your password Whether you've simply forgotten your password and need to reset it, or want to make a change for security reasons, it's easy to change your eBay password. 2 min article Changing your username Your username or user ID is the unique name you chose when you created your eBay account. It’s the name other eBay members see when you’re buying or selling with them.1 min article Changing the address on your eBay account Your primary shipping address is the default we’ll provide to sellers when you buy an item. However, you can always select a different address, or add a new one, during checkout.2 min article Notifications You can keep track of your eBay activity without having to be on the eBay site by setting up notifications.2 min article See 2 more articles Feedback profiles You can see how eBay members have been rated by other eBay users by viewing their feedback profile.3 min article Closing your account and deleting your data If you close your eBay account, you’ll no longer be able to sell on the site or access My eBay. You’ll also lose your feedback as well as your purchase and sales history.2 min article Your Account Status Account holds, restrictions, and suspensions We may occasionally restrict or suspend accounts to protect our community. If you’re a seller, your payouts will be placed on hold until your restriction or suspension is lifted. If your eBay account is restricted or suspended, we’ll email you with the steps you need to take to have your account reinstated.2 min article Security Get help with a hacked account If you think someone is trying to take over your account—or already has—we’ll work with you to secure it. For your protection, we may place a temporary hold on your account.2 min article Recognizing phishing phone calls and emails Be suspicious of any unusual request for your personal or financial information by email or phone. It may be a “spoof” or “phishing” attempt.2 min article Tips for keeping your eBay account secure The safety of your personal data is our top priority, so we take measures to protect your account. There are also some simple steps you can take to make your account more secure.2 min article eBay Policies eBay rules and policies4 min overview Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert