Sustainable Commerce - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Sustainable Commerce Sustainable Commerce Overview Environmental Footprint Recommerce Overview Environmental Footprint Recommerce Supporting a Thriving Environment As a pioneer of thoughtful commerce, we strive to sustain the future of our customers, our company and our planet. And central to this journey, we will continue to embrace sustainable practices that reinforce our commitment to operating with integrity. Our Environmental Footprint Understanding and quantifying our environmental footprint is a key part of tracking our goals and progress. Learn more A Pioneer of Recommerce Every day, we help extend the life of products through the resale of refurbished products and pre-owned items on our marketplace. By keeping products in circulation longer, we contribute to a more robust economy that’s essential for the sustainability of our planet. Learn more $ 4.2 B in positive economic impact 1.5 M metric tons of carbon emissions avoided 47 K metric tons of waste avoided Supporting Sustainable Development We support the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) through our platform, initiatives and business operations. We align our efforts around six SDGs that reflect our material issues and enable us to responsibly grow our business. We aim to increase the number of women employed at eBay while providing fair access to opportunities. We also strive to cultivate an inclusive environment that fosters a deep sense of belonging and where women are equitably compensated. Our goal is to power our operations with 100 percent renewable energy sources. We partner with other businesses and organizations to enable renewable energy purchases — accelerating the transition to a clean energy economy. We support small business growth through programs like Up & Running and eBay Academy, and we invest in advancing an equitable global economy through the eBay Foundation. We also advocate for policies that enable small businesses to compete in an open market. Our platform is where products can continuously find renewed life and value. We pursue new ways to advance circular commerce by using innovative technologies. We take action to reduce our own carbon footprint even as we grow our business. We also advocate to advance climate action policies. We help nonprofits raise funds to advance causes that support sustainable development, and collaborate with NGOs and other organizations to advocate for positive social and environmental impact. Sustainable Commerce News Apr 22, 2022 Sustainable Commerce Meet eBay’s Chief Sustainability Officer This Earth Day, we sat down with Renée Morin who shares why she is passionate about sustainability and the importance of recommerce. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Apr 22, 2022 Selling How an eBay UK Seller Has Turned Recommerce Into a Million-Dollar Business eBay seller Carl Walker and his cofounders have created a thriving business out of selling secondhand clothing. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Apr 6, 2022 Sustainable Commerce New eBay Study Finds Gen Z is Driving the Demand for Recommerce A new eBay survey underscores the economic and environmental advantages of recommerce and finds that younger generations, particularly Generation Z, are increasingly motivated to sell and buy secondhand goods. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top