Fees & billing | eBay 69345359637719997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Fees & billing Fees & billing Getting Started Fees and Reporting Getting Paid Refunds and Disputes Getting Started Start getting paid on eBay Getting paid for items you’ve sold on eBay is simple. Your buyers can choose from a range of payment methods, eBay manages the end-to-end payments process, and you receive your funds directly in your checking account.2 min article Registering as a seller When you register as an eBay seller, we'll confirm your identity, checking account details for payouts, and business details if applicable.4 min article Updating your checking account details for payouts As an eBay seller, you’ll receive your payouts in your linked checking account. If your checking account details aren’t up to date, or if you want to receive payouts to a different account, you'll need to update your checking account details from the Payments tab in Seller Hub, or from Payments in My eBay. Alternatively, you may choose to receive payouts to a debit card linked to your account.2 min article Managing your contact information As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information.1 min article Fees and Reporting Selling fees We charge two main types of selling fees: an insertion fee when you create a listing, and a final value fee when your item sells.20 min article Store selling fees For a monthly subscription, you can run your own eBay Store. The fees and benefits vary depending on the type of Store subscription you choose.16 min article Fees for selling vehicles on eBay Motors The fees for listing and selling a vehicle on eBay Motors are different from the fees for listing and selling in other categories. The amount we charge for vehicle listings depends on the type of vehicle you list and the listing tool you use to create your listing.6 min article Reconciling your eBay sales transactions When managing your business, it’s important to have access to all your sales and transaction information.4 min article Taxes and import charges When you sell on eBay, you're responsible for complying with all applicable tax laws. If you're selling to buyers outside the US, you should inform them about the potential import charges they'll need to pay when they receive their item. eBay has changed the way taxes are collected and remitted. Learn more about the changes.5 min article eBay and Form 1099-K You may receive a Form 1099-K from eBay, depending on the totals of your sales and transactions. This is to help you comply with your tax obligations.2 min article Getting Paid Getting paid for items you've sold Getting paid for items you've sold on eBay is simple. Your buyers can choose from many payment methods, and you'll receive your payouts directly in your checking account or Visa or Mastercard debit card. You can track all of your payouts in the Payments tab in My eBay.4 min article Setting up and changing your payment method for fees and selling costs Your fees and other selling costs are automatically deducted from your sales proceeds. However, you’ll need to set up a valid payment method to cover your selling costs in case your sales proceeds are insufficient. A valid payment method includes a debit or credit card, or a linked payout bank account.3 min article Payments on hold We know it's important that you receive your money as quickly as possible. However, we may sometimes need to put a hold on your funds due to your selling history or performance, or to address disputes. This helps us keep eBay a safe marketplace for buyers and sellers.2 min article Using the Payments tab in Seller Hub The Payments tab in Seller Hub helps you keep track of all the payouts you receive from your eBay transactions.3 min article Refunds and Disputes Refunding buyers Refunding your buyer as a seller is simple. Refunds can be issued by you, or by eBay.2 min article Handling payment disputes Your buyer may open a dispute with their payment institution if they believe there's an issue with their order. Learn how to handle a payment dispute as an eBay seller.3 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert