Managing your contact information | eBay 693453664088b1e6ad1c-104f-4ee7-b749-6832da6d75f2:18252277a8e19997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Fees & billing Getting Started Managing your contact information Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 1 min article Managing your contact information Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. How to share your phone number with buyers Where to find a seller's phone number As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information. If you need to update your bank account details, read our article on updating your checking account details If you need to change any of your details, such as your name, address, or email address, you can do it in My eBay - opens in new window or tab. Here’s how: Go to the Account - opens in new window or tab section of My eBay. Select Personal information. Find the section you need to update, and select Edit. Enter your new details. Depending on what you’re updating, you’ll be prompted to Save, Submit, or Confirm. If you need to update your date of birth, social security number, or employee identification number, please contact us.Update personal information - opens in new window or tab Tip If you’re changing the name on your eBay account, keep in mind that in order to receive your payouts, the new name needs to be the same as the name on your registered bank account. How to share your phone number with buyers If you’re a seller, you can opt in to make your phone number available to buyers so they can contact you by phone before and/or after they’ve bought from you. Here’s how to opt in: Go to Manage communications with buyers - opens in new window or tab. Find Share your phone number. If Yes is showing, you’re opted in and buyers can see your phone number. If No is showing, select Edit. Select Share your phone number on the Manage your Q&A for buyers page. You can choose to show your number before and after a purchase, or only after a purchase. Select Submit to opt in and share your phone number with buyers. Where to find a seller's phone number You can find a seller's phone number in the following places on eBay, if they've opted to share their number: When you select Contact seller and then Other on the Find answers page, you'll see an option to view the seller's phone number If you continue to the contact form from the Find answers page, you'll see an option to view the seller's phone number at the bottom of the page If you respond to an email from a seller who has shared their number, you'll see an option to view the seller's phone number at the bottom of the page Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Fees & billing Getting Started You might also be interested in: Updating your checking account details for payouts As an eBay seller, you’ll receive your payouts in your linked checking account. If your checking account details aren’t up to date, or if you want to receive payouts to a different account, you'll need to update your checking account details from the Payments tab in Seller Hub, or from Payments in My eBay. Alternatively, you may choose to receive payouts to a debit card linked to your account.2 min article Changing the address on your eBay account Your primary shipping address is the default we’ll provide to sellers when you buy an item. However, you can always select a different address, or add a new one, during checkout.2 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert