Updating your checking account details for payouts | eBay 693453673515c4977a0f-acc8-4bff-b5d4-2b97d950b654:18252278dbd19997 Skip to main content Customer Service Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Page navigation Home Customer Service Fees & billing Getting Started Updating your checking account details for payouts Enter the key words you want to ask for help A dialog will open as you type your search terms 2 min article Updating your checking account details for payouts Enter your search term to display live search results. Use TAB key to navigate results. Payouts to your debit card Changing to a business account As an eBay seller, you’ll receive your payouts in your linked checking account. If your checking account details aren’t up to date, or if you want to receive payouts to a different account, you'll need to update your checking account details from the Payments tab in Seller Hub, or from Payments in My eBay. Alternatively, you may choose to receive payouts to a debit card linked to your account. From the Payments tab - opens in new window or tab in Seller Hub, or Payments - opens in new window or tab in My eBay, you can see which checking account is currently set up to receive your payouts, and update your details when you need to. To update your checking account for payouts: Go to Payments in Seller Hub or My eBay. Select Delete next to the payout method you want to update. Select Add and follow the steps to add your new payout method. It usually takes 2 business days for changes to be confirmed and payouts to be enabled for your new bank account. Tip Your linked bank account must be a personal or business checking account. It can't be a savings account. We’ll need to verify your details when you update any relevant information on your account. You can verify your checking account account by logging into your bank, uploading a bank statement, or using microdeposits. Learn more about microdeposits and verifying your bank details in our article on Registering as a seller. Payouts to your debit card Sellers have the option, for a fee, to receive payouts to a verified Visa or Mastercard debit card. To set up your debit card for payouts, sign into My eBay or Seller Hub and follow the instructions on the banner. eBay will ask you to verify your debit card either by uploading a bank statement associated with your debit card, or by using micro-charges (small charges). If using micro-charges, we'll initiate two micro-charges of less than $1 to your debit card. Once they’ve reached your bank account, sign into My eBay or Seller Hub and follow the instructions on the banner to confirm the amounts. Once verification is complete, any micro-charges will be refunded to your debit card. Tip If you’ve been asked to upload a bank statement, please ensure the name on your statement matches that on your eBay account. Once you’ve added a card, as a security measure, there is a 48 hour waiting period when you will not receive payouts. After 48 hours, you can resume receiving payouts and once your card is verified, you can select your debit card as your preferred payout method or request a payout to your debit card on demand. You can select your debit card as your preferred payout method for scheduled payouts, or request a payout to your debit card on demand. Funds requested to your debit card on demand typically arrive in 30 minutes. You won’t be eligible to use your debit card for payouts until you’ve been registered on the site for over 90 days and have an active linked checking account. If you request a payout to your debit card, we charge a 1.5% fee on the payout amount (minimum fee $0.25, maximum fee $15). This fee is deducted from your payout total at the time the funds are transferred. Changing to a business account If you want to use a business bank account to sell on eBay, you should register as a business account. If you registered as an individual, here's how to switch to a business account: Go to My eBay and select Account - opens in new window or tab. Select Personal information, then select Edit next to Account type. Select Business account, then select Submit. Once you’ve changed to a business account, you may need to submit additional verification information. If we need to verify any information, we’ll notify you by email and place a banner in Seller Hub letting you know what to do next. Top Takeaway Once you’ve updated your details, we’ll verify your checking account, which can take up to 2 business days. Once your account is verified, we’ll send you a confirmation email, and you’ll start receiving your payouts in your new checking account. Was this article helpful for you? Related help topics See other articles in: Fees & billing Getting Started You might also be interested in: Managing your contact information As an eBay seller, your personal information needs to be correct and up to date so you can receive your payouts. If you change your phone number, postal address, or email address, or if any of the details we have for you are incorrect, you'll need to update your personal information.1 min article Registering as a seller When you register as an eBay seller, we'll confirm your identity, checking account details for payouts, and business details if applicable.4 min article Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert