Trusted Marketplace - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Trusted Marketplace A Foundation of Openness, Honesty, Integrity and Trust Every day, millions of people worldwide come to eBay to buy, sell and give to the causes that matter most to them. We embrace and honor the trust our global community puts in us to maintain a secure platform. For over 25 years, we have continued to build product and technological advancements, and evolve our programs and policies in service of our customers. ESG Governance Guided by the eBay Impact team, with oversight from eBay’s Board of Directors and Leadership team, our approach to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters is integrated into the core of our business. Read more+ The Board’s Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee (CGN) oversees eBay’s policies and programs on ESG issues and sustainability reporting. The full board has ultimate responsibility for risk oversight. ESG and sustainability updates are provided to the CGN at at least two board meetings per year. Our Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) leads eBay’s Impact team. The team works across eBay to help our business groups and functions prioritize ESG as part of the company’s overall strategy, including goal setting, impact measurement and reporting. Each of eBay’s Impact goals is sponsored by a member of the Leadership team to ensure we prioritize and remain accountable in our efforts to achieve these targets at the highest levels of our business. In addition, the CSO works closely with Investor Relations on ESG-related investor issues and disclosures. To advance our strategies, manage risks and capitalize on opportunities, we have formed the ESG Council of senior leaders, which is composed of and engages with critical partners across teams, including brand compliance, data center engineering, delivery and risk management. The ESG Council’s sponsor is our CEO, Jamie Iannone. Explore More Ways We Lead Responsibly Accessibility Appropriate Inventory Close Data Protection Close Ethics & Compliance Close Policy & Advocacy Intellectual Property Close Close Key Partnerships With our partners, we embrace sustainable practices to create opportunities for all. Learn more about our policies See our policies and statements Trusted Marketplace News Jun 3, 2021 Authenticity Guarantee eBay Launches Authentication for Luxury Handbags 'Authenticity Guarantee' service expands to include all handbags sold on eBay for $500+ from top-selling brands like Louis Vuitton, Hermès, Chanel and more. Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 27, 2021 Trusted Marketplace eBay Launches its Regulatory Portal, a New Tool to Further Protect Consumers on its Marketplace The online portal empowers trusted authorities to report prohibited items for removal. Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 11, 2021 eBay Impact Our 2020 Impact Report Hear from eBay President and CEO Jamie Iannone on our 2020 Impact Report Jamie Iannone, President & CEO, eBay Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top