Culture & Workforce - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Culture & Workforce Providing Our Employees With the Opportunity to Grow and Thrive We aim to bring more people to join eBay from different communities around the world, so we can build innovations and new product experiences that are better attuned to our customers’ needs. Learn more Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) is core to who we are and the cornerstone upon which our business is built. Our purpose makes us unique — and drives us to create opportunities in an open marketplace for everyone, regardless of who they are, how they identify or where they are in the world. Employee Giving and Volunteering At eBay, we have a culture that celebrates giving and our employees play a big part in that. Matching Employee Donations Through the eBay Foundation, our company matches donations to eligible nonprofits up to $10,000 per employee per year. Other eligible matching gifts include in-kind donations (such as donating a toy or canned food item for a donation drive) and logging volunteer time through our employee matching gifts site. Supporting Local Communities Our eBayer-led volunteer groups organize local giving and volunteering activities throughout the world. Thanks to our local leaders who drive local activities, we saw employees commit to weekly companionship calls with homebound older adults, organize litter-pick-up events, mentor youth, coach entrepreneurs and more. What Our People Say For so long, I’ve admired this company for how we uplift small businesses everywhere and support economic empowerment. What attracted me to eBay was its purpose and mission, and it’s why I love working here every day. Angeles Gomez Program Manager eBay encourages us to have the courage to be creative. Every day we can learn from each other, and we have a purpose to empower people and create economic opportunity for all. Vincent Lin Director, Business Management & SOP (iCBT) There are always opportunities at eBay to try something new. After being in QA roles and management, I decided to pursue product management. eBay helped me make the shift and supported my education in product management training at UC Berkeley and Stanford. Uma Achutha Senior Technical Product Manager I really enjoy the people I work with and the values eBay stands for. My experience has been that the company is very family-oriented so that's always been important to me. Susy Presedo Executive Assistant Building a Career at eBay Investing in Leadership Our goal is to develop core leadership skills by providing targeted, connected and versatile development opportunities for employees to empower their long-term growth at eBay. Read more+ As part of this experience, employees and leaders can explore various development paths to support them on their career journey. Employees can participate in individual coaching sessions with eCoach, or pursue group coaching opportunities by joining our Leading at eBay program to learn alongside a small cohort. We host regular speaker sessions with leadership experts throughout the year on topics addressing leadership development and career growth. Moreover, we provide talent development workshops and specialized programming in building effective and high-performing teams — all focused on enabling social learning and a culture of inclusivity and feedback. In parallel, we’ve developed a suite of online resources and programming for employees to access anytime, anywhere. Employee Professional Development When employees are at eBay, we strive to provide them with a variety of opportunities and resources to learn and grow. Read more+ Employees can work on diverse assignments and projects while at eBay to further hone their skill sets, and partner with leaders and other colleagues to receive coaching and mentorship. Additionally, we invest in leading technologies that support continuous education and learning, including on-demand courses, personalized learning experiences and specialized avenues for ongoing feedback for employees. We also provide practical tips and tools for employees through Grokker to support their physical and mental wellness. We also are committed to our employees’ ongoing education and provide regionally specific financial support for professional degrees and certifications. Health and Financial Benefits Through our global benefits program, we aim to support and empower our employees with the resources they need to bring their best selves to work. Learn more Health and Financial Benefits Employees can access a wide range of benefits to support their physical, emotional and financial well-being, including comprehensive health insurance offerings, retirement plans and paid time away from work. Globally, all employees can access a fully company-paid employee assistance plan, a sabbatical program, a wellness platform and a medical second opinion/navigation program that provides access to top medical experts. Culture and Workforce News Jul 1, 2022 eBay The Apple-1 Computer, a Vintage Tech Grail That Ignited the World of Personal Computing Only a few dozen of the computers are known to exist in the world today. And recently on eBay, one sold for about $340,000 at auction by Dubai seller Jimmy Grewal. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services May 12, 2022 Diversity Equity and Inclusion Our 2021 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report Hear more from our global head of diversity, equity and inclusion at eBay. Beric Alleyne, Global Head of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion at eBay Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Apr 27, 2022 Consumers Making Meaning Out of Snacks Sellers are spotting everything from pop culture icons to U.S. states in their food — and putting their finds on eBay for profit. Robert Ito, eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more Join Our Team View Opportunities eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top