Seller fees | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Understanding selling fees Page navigation Home Selling Seller fees On this page Fees 101 When am I charged fees? Give your listings a boost Calculate your fees Selling fee scenarios FAQs Find out what it costs to sell on eBay Our goal is to make it easy to understand what you’re paying, freeing you to focus on maximizing your sales. Fees 101 Our basic fee structure is simple. It’s free to list. You’ll only pay a fee if your item sells. Insertion fees For most casual sellers, it’s free to list on eBay. If you list more than 250 items per month, you’ll start paying a $0.35 insertion fee per listing. Category exclusions apply. Learn more Final value fees If your item sells, eBay keeps a portion of the sale. This final value fee for most categories is 12.9% of the sale price or lower, plus $0.30 per order. Learn more Tip: Listing more than 250 items per month? Consider getting a Store subscription to unlock more free monthly listings, save on final value fees, and access tools designed for more active sellers like you. When am I charged fees? The costs to sell on eBay are broken down into two phases: Pre-sale Post-sale Insertion fees + Final value fees Give your listings a boost Looking to give your listings an edge? For additional fees, you can opt into features that help your items stand out and attract more buyers. Promote your listings Help your items stand out among billions of listings on eBay and increase the likelihood of a sale through Promoted Listings. The best part? You only pay an ad fee if your item sells. Learn more Optional listing upgrades When creating your listing, you can select upgrades like subtitles or setting an auction reserve price. These features incur an additional fee that will be charged whether or not your item sells. Learn more Calculate your fees The fees you pay depend on the number of listings you have, the product category of the item you’re selling, and whether you have an eBay Store Subscription. Using the chart below, you can compare standard selling fees with the discounted rates that come with a Store subscription. Excludes Starter Stores. Individual eBay Store Subscriber Insertion fees Category restrictions apply. Learn more Every month, you get 250 free listings Those listings can be used for auction or fixed-price items. Additional listings cost $0.35 per listing You only pay this listing fee after using your 250 monthly zero insertion fee listings. Final value fees by product category This fee is calculated based on the total amount of the sale, including the cost of the item and shipping, sales tax, and other applicable fees. Category Final value fee Most categories (exceptions apply). 12.9% on total amount of the sale up to $7,500 calculated per item 2.35% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order Sneakers Over $100 8% on total amount of sale $0.30 per order is not charged Guitars & Basses 6% on total amount of the sale up to $7,500 calculated per item 2.35% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order Trading Cards 12.9% on total amount of the sale up to $7,500 calculated per item 2.35% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order Heavy Equipment 3% on total amount of the sale up to $15,000 calculated per item 0.5% on the portion of the sale over $15,000 $0.30 per order Books & Magazines Movies & TV Music (except Vinyl Records) 14.6% on total amount of the sale up to $7,500 calculated per item 2.35% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order Bullion 12.9% if total amount of the sale is $7,500 or less (calculated per item) 7% if total amount of the sale is over $7,500 (calculated per item) $0.30 per order Most Jewelry (except Watches) 12.55% on total amount of the sale up to $7,500 calculated per item 2.35% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order Watches 15% on total amount of the sale up to $1,000 calculated per item 6.5% on the portion of the sale over $1,000 up to $7,500 calculated per item 3% on the portion of the sale over $7,500 $0.30 per order NFTs 5% on total amount of the sale $0.30 per order Women’s Bags & Handbags 15% if total amount of the sale is $2,000 or less, calculated per item 9% if total amount of the sale is over $2,000, calculated per item $0.30 per order Ready to get started? Sell now Selling fee scenarios See the fees these four sellers pay to give you an idea of what to expect. Applicable taxes may apply. Previous slide Marco Sports equipment John Sneakers Val Clothing Jodie Cell phones Marco Sports equipment John Sneakers Val Clothing Jodie Cell phones Marco Sports equipment John Sneakers Val Clothing Jodie Cell phonesNext slide How do shipping costs work? Sellers are responsible for shipping their sold items, and eBay provides tools to make shipping as convenient and affordable as possible. eBay Labels allows you to save on shipping costs by accessing pre-negotiated rates from major carriers including USPS®, FedEx®, and UPS®. Plus, our shipping calculator will help you figure out your best shipping options and set your prices to maximize profits. Learn more How do I get paid? Payouts are initiated within 2 business days (Monday through Friday, excluding bank holidays) of confirming the buyer’s payment. Learn more about how eBay makes getting paid simple. Learn more Unlock savings and selling tools with an eBay Store subscription Whether you’re looking to sell more or sell smarter, eBay offers a Store subscription package designed to help you meet your selling goals. Learn more about Store benefits and subscriptions. Find out more FAQs Where can I find a breakdown and explanation of the fees I have been charged? An itemized list of all your selling transactions and associated fees can be viewed under the “Payments” tab in Seller Hub or My eBay. Tip: You can view fees by clicking the “Fees” filter button located above your list of transactions. Go to the Payments tab in Seller Hub or Payments in My eBay. What are “international fees”? If your registered address is in the U.S., we charge an international fee if either: The delivery address for the item (entered by the buyer during checkout) is outside the U.S.; OR if The buyer’s registered address is outside the U.S. (regardless of the delivery address for the item). Learn more. What are the fees for selling vehicles on eBay? The fees for listing and selling a vehicle on eBay Motors are different from the fees for listing and selling in other categories. See fee details here. When will I be charged selling fees? Insertion fees, including optional listing upgrades fees, are charged at the time your item is listed. Sellers get up to 250 zero insertion fee listings each month; so, if you have fewer than 250 live listings and do not want any optional upgrades for your listing, you won’t be charged any insertion fees when you create a listing. If you do elect to upgrade your listings, those upgrade fees will be charged at time of listing, regardless of whether your item sells. Final value fees, meanwhile, are charged once your item sells. If your item doesn’t sell, you will not be charged any final value fees. How am I billed for selling fees? Fees and expenses such as those arising from refunds, claims or disputes, are deducted directly from your earnings. If your earnings are not sufficient to cover these amounts we will charge your payment method on file (debit or credit card, and/or linked bank account) within 14 days. Learn more. If I set a reserve price for my auction listing, will I be charged a reserve fee if my item doesn’t sell? Yes. You can set a reserve price on an auction-style listing that is the minimum bid price that must be met for your item to sell. Reserve prices are an optional listing upgrade, which will incur a fee when you create your listing whether or not your item sells. Reserve fees are calculated at $5 or 7.5% of the reserve price you set, whichever is greater, up to a maximum fee of $250. Tip: If you’re nervous about selling an item for less money than you want without a reserve price, start your auction-style or fixed-price listing at a price you are comfortable with and select the ‘Allow Offers’ setting on your listing. This enables buyers to submit offers, which you can accept, decline, or counter-offer. Best of all, the ‘Allow Offers’ feature is available for free, so you can avoid incurring a fee for a listing that doesn’t sell. Learn more. How are final value fees calculated? We charge one final value fee when your item sells. This fee is calculated as a percentage of the total amount of the sale — including the cost of the item and shipping, sales tax, and other applicable fees — plus $0.30 per order. Learn more. Quicklinks Start selling Fees help page Stores subscriptions Getting paid eBay Labels eBay Shipping Calculator Don’t see your question here? Visit the Help Center for more detailed information on selling features and fees. Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert