eBay for Charity - eBay Inc. Skip to main content Company Information Company Overview Our Leaders Our History Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Privacy Center Government Relations Sustainable Commerce Stories Our News Press Room Impact Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community Tech Overview Engineering Product Research Authors Events Archive Investors Overview Fast Facts Stock Information Investor News Events Financial Information Corporate Governance ESG Investors Resources & Contact Investor Day Careers Overview Jobs by Location Jobs by Category Engineering Careers Students & Recent Grads Our Benefits How We Hire Search Jobs eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Search Website Overview Economic Opportunity Sustainable Commerce Trusted Marketplace Culture & Workforce eBay for Charity eBay Foundation Goals & Progress Reports & Policies Seller Community eBay for Charity Every Day, Our Community Raises Money for Causes They Care About Our marketplace hosts one of the largest and most active fundraising platforms today. Every time a person buys or sells on eBay, they can also support the causes that matter the most to them. Charitable organizations use our platform to help reach their fundraising goals. 100% of the funds raised goes to the intended charities. Learn more Empowering People and Communities Learn how a single purchase through eBay for Charity can have a positive ripple effect among charities, its recipients and their local communities. Turning a New Page More Than Words | Mehki Jordan | Boston, Massachusetts Mehki Jordan came to More Than Words seeking a renewed sense of hope. He was unemployed, had dropped out of school and had been hanging out with the wrong crowd. When a street altercation led to him almost losing his arm, Mehki decided to make a change in his life. Read more+ More Than Words is a Boston-based bookseller and social enterprise that teaches nearly 400 at-risk youth the skills needed to become successful in today’s workplace. At More Than Words, Mehki finds a sense of empowerment and camaraderie among his colleagues. He now works as the business training manager at the bookstore’s Waltham, Massachusetts, location. Stories like Mehki’s sit at the very heart of the eBay for Charity program. Since 2003, eBay for Charity has empowered consumers to make an impact by enabling them to support their favorite charities and causes when they buy or sell on eBay. More Than Just a Second Chance Goodwill San Francisco | Patrick Quiroz | San Francisco, California For Patrick Quiroz, working at Goodwill San Francisco is more than just a second chance — it’s where he finds a sense of community and empowerment. Read more+ Before joining Goodwill, Patrick had difficulty getting hired due to his legal record. After completing the Goodwill Industries Job Training Program, Patrick worked his way up to become the Assistant Ecommerce Manager at Goodwill's San Francisco location. He now oversees the shipping departments within the South San Francisco warehouse. Through eBay for Charity, Goodwill San Francisco is able to fund its Job Training Program and give back to those like Patrick, who are in need of a second chance. The program spans work readiness, vocational training, and support services to address barriers standing in the way of individual success. A Little More Good in the World Africa Direct | Elizabeth Bennett | Denver, Colorado In the 90s, Elizabeth Bennett and her wife Sara set off on an eight-month trek across southern Africa with their three youngest children in tow to explore the countries’ culture and local communities. They crisscrossed Lesotho, Mozambique, Botswana and Swaziland in a used food van converted into a camper. Over the course of their 15,000-mile journey, they collected African art and wares that they started selling on eBay to help raise funds to benefit local communities in Africa. Read more+ Through eBay for Charity, Elizabeth’s online store Africa Direct supports charities that work to reduce poverty in local communities across Africa. Not only that, her business also supports African traders by connecting them to eBay’s global marketplace. By The Numbers $ 145 M Raised in 2021 114 K Charities enrolled $ 1.1 B Raised since 2003 Our Programs at Work Direct selling for causes Human I-T During the COVID-19 pandemic, eBay seller human-I-T is partnering with U.S. school districts to provide students the electronics and resources they need to continue their studies from home. Dedicated to bridging the digital divide, human-I-T is an eBay for Charity nonprofit organization that distributes technology resources like laptops, low-cost internet connection and digital literacy training to those who need it most. Read more+ By refurbishing unwanted technology and providing it to underserved communities, human-I-T is able to grant low-income students access to education, telemedicine, job opportunities and more. As schools close due to COVID-19, and students without access to the internet are left behind their peers, the demand for these tools and resources is higher than ever. “There has never been a moment that put a spotlight on digital inclusion like this,” said James Jack, the nonprofit’s chief innovation officer and co-founder. “It makes it extremely apparent, especially when you're talking about students being able to pursue their education.” With the help of eBay, the staff at human-I-T are determined to help as many families as they can during these challenging times--and beyond. There are thousands of young people across the UK who have what it takes to run their own business. With access to the right support they can make their dreams a reality, and thanks to the support of businesses like eBay, The Trust is able to provide the practical and financial help they need to succeed. — Tara Leathers, Deputy CEO and Director of Income and Innovation at The Prince’s Trust Nonprofit Partnerships The Prince’s Trust UK What a difference a day can make in the lives of young people. In just 24 hours, the eBay UK community raised over £105,000 (about $138,000) for The Prince’s Trust to help aspiring entrepreneurs, age 18-30 years old, turn their business ideas into reality. Read more+ There are thousands of young people across the UK who have what it takes to run their own business. With access to the right support they can make their dreams a reality, and thanks to the support of businesses like eBay, The Trust is able to provide the practical and financial help they need to succeed. — Tara Leathers, Deputy CEO and Director of Income and Innovation at The Prince’s Trust eBay UK’s 2018 Give Day in October kicked off a new 12-month partnership between eBay and The Prince’s Trust. For every item purchased on the platform on October 9, eBay UK donated 5p (about 5 cents), and multiple items netted a 10p (about 10 cents) automatic donation. The community raised enough in 24 hours to fund nearly 2,000 hours of expert mentoring through The Prince’s Trust’s Enterprise program. Since 1983, The Prince’s Trust has helped more than 85,000 young people into business. Its Enterprise program teaches business basics to potential entrepreneurs, as well as helping them write a business plan, test their idea, and gain access to funding. To help grow the existing businesses The Prince’s Trust supports through its Tomorrow’s Store, eBay for Charity also onboarded select businesses to eBay.co.uk. And we teamed up with some of The Prince’s Trust’s celebrity Ambassadors, including Phillip Schofield and Emma Willis, to auction exclusive meet-and-greet celebrity events and experiences, with 100% of proceeds going to The Trust’s Enterprise program. “The next generation are the future of our economy, and with over 200,000 small businesses already trading on eBay⎯we want to grow this number by focusing on empowering 18-30 year olds in need of help and support, to start and run businesses in the way they want to,” said Rob Hattrell, Vice President of eBay. We are very grateful to eBay and Jake Tapper, along with his celebrity team, for hosting our auction again. Initiatives like this raise crucial awareness about our mission and help us place more deserving severely injured post-9/11 Veterans into the specially adapted homes they deserve. — Tom Landwermeyer, President at Homes for Our Troops High Profile Campaigns Homes for Our Troops The stars were out Veterans Day 2018 to rally support for Homes For Our Troops, a nonprofit that builds and donates specially adapted custom homes for severely injured post-9/11 veterans—raising more than $160,000 during a 10-day auction on eBay. Read more+ We are very grateful to eBay and Jake Tapper, along with his celebrity team, for hosting our auction again. Initiatives like this raise crucial awareness about our mission and help us place more deserving severely injured post-9/11 Veterans into the specially adapted homes they deserve. — Tom Landwermeyer, President at Homes for Our Troops Led by CNN's Jake Tapper, a longtime HFOT supporter and mission ambassador, along with celebrities Ben Stiller and Kenny Chesney, the campaign attracted support from other Hollywood movie stars and entertainment icons. Actor George Clooney donated his brand new 2017 Dresser Touring Ultra Limited FLHTK Harley Davidson after swearing off two wheels following a scooter crash months earlier. The donated Dresser Touring bike netted $48,989 to support HFOT. The more than 40 donated items and VIP experiences in the eBay auction included an afternoon in Manhattan and lunch with Tapper and Paul Rudd, a personalized guitar and meet-and-greet with Chesney, and a tennis match with Owen Wilson. Jake Gyllenhaal contributed tickets for his off-Broadway production Sea Wall/A Life, and Judd Apatow offered to bring a winning bidder onto the set of his latest project. Jimmy Kimmel, Jason Bateman, Steph Curry, and Anderson Cooper also contributed items for the auction. eBay for Charity News Jun 17, 2022 eBay for Charity GLIDE, eBay and Warren Buffett Celebrate the Grand Finale Power of One Charity Auction Lunch With Record-Breaking Winning Bid To date, the event has raised more than $53 million to build upon GLIDE's enduring legacy of impact Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Apr 25, 2022 eBay for Charity Celebrating a Legacy of Commitment GLIDE and eBay Present the Grand Finale “Power of One” Charity Auction Lunch with American legend Warren Buffett. Press Release Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services Sep 7, 2021 eBay for Charity Giving for Good In celebration of International Day of Charity, we’re giving thanks to those who are helping us to do good. eBay News Team Share on FacebookShare on TwitterShare on LinkedInShare on other services View more eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Home Company Stories Impact Tech Investors Careers Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Accessibility eBay.com Press Room Follow Us Contact Us Back to Top