Seller protections | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Seller protections We’ve got your back so you can focus on your business. Page navigation Home Selling Seller protections On this page Sell with confidence End-to-end protections Exclusive protections for Top Rated Sellers FAQs Sell with confidence When you sell on eBay, you’re protected by policies, transaction monitoring, and data systems that make eBay a safe and vibrant community. You can sell with confidence because our dedicated seller protection team works around the clock to enforce policies and track problems before they start. Backed by large-scale, automated detection systems monitoring millions of transactions every day, our team uses world-class technology to prevent problems before they start, so you can focus on your business. Learn about our policies and best practices, then get back to doing what you’re great at: selling on eBay. Seller protection policy See all the ways you’re covered when you sell on eBay. Learn more Customer service Find answers to common problems and connect with us directly. Learn more Abusive buyer policy To make sure buyers treat you right, familiarize yourself with their policies, too. Learn more End-to-end protections Report a buyer When a buyer has violated our abusive buyer policy, let us know. You may be helping the whole eBay community. Report a buyer Automatic defect removal Because we know some things are simply beyond your control, automatic defect removal makes it easy to correct your transaction record. Learn more We’ve simplified our policies eBay policies help us provide a secure and fair marketplace for all buyers and sellers. We’ve simplified our policies so that they are easy to understand and follow. That way, if you do come across an issue, you’ll know exactly what you need to do to avoid any disruptions to your account. If you have a policy issue, we’ll help you fix it If a listing gets flagged for a potential policy issue, we’ll give you an opportunity to correct the issue and avoid disruptions to your account. We’ll clearly communicate the issue and advise specific actions you’ll need to take to correct it. We understand that inadvertent mistakes can happen, and if they do, we’ll help you fix them. Continue selling while you correct an issue Rather than end all of your listings or suspend your account, our “Hide All Listings” enforcement measure temporarily hides all of your listings from buyers’ eBay search and browsing results until you correct a policy issue. Watchers, bidders, or buyers will still be able to do business with you. After you correct the issue, all of your listings will be visible again, and you won’t lose any of your items’ sale history. Exclusive protections for Top Rated Sellers We protect all sellers from abusive buying behavior and from events outside their control. Your track record matters on eBay, and we’ll support you when you deliver on your service promise and provide a good buying experience. This is why Top Rated Sellers who reside in the US and list on eBay.com receive additional protection benefits when they offer 30-day-or-longer returns. Return shipping label credit for false “item not as described” claims If a buyer falsely claims an item was “not as described,” we’ll protect you on eligible transactions. We’ll reimburse your return shipping label cost up to $6 per return. You’ll receive the return shipping label credit on your monthly invoice and we’ll automatically remove any negative and neutral feedback, defects, and open cases in service metrics. Up to 50% refund deduction for decreased value on used or damaged returns When you issue a refund for an item that was returned after it was used or damaged by a buyer, and you have a track record of delivering on your service promise, we’ll give you the ability to protect yourself by deducting up to 50% of the refund to recover the decreased value of the item. If there are any issues with buyers that may negatively impact you, we’ll take care of them by removing any negative and neutral feedback, defects, and open cases in service metrics. FAQs How do I appeal a case? If a case is closed in the buyer’s favor, you can appeal the decision by providing the appropriate documentation—including any new information or communication between you and the buyer—to the eBay Resolution Center within 30 days from the day the case is closed. If the decision is reversed, your final value fee will be refunded. Additionally, any defects for the transaction will be automatically removed. I sold an item but the buyer hasn’t paid. What should I do? If you haven’t been paid for an item you sold, start by communicating directly with the buyer via Messages in My eBay. This will provide a documentation trail in case the issue is ever escalated to eBay. If you can’t work things out with the buyer, you can cancel the transaction. Returns FAQs When will a return no longer result in a defect? Sellers will only receive a returns-related defect if eBay has to help resolve a returns issue, and the resolution is in favor of the buyer. The buyer’s reason for returning an item will no longer count as a defect as long as you successfully resolve a return request with the buyer without asking eBay for help. When should I ask eBay to help after the sale? Always try to work out all issues with your buyer. If you cannot resolve the issue, ask eBay to step in and help. If eBay finds on behalf of the buyer, you could receive a defect. Can I dispute paying for return shipping if I feel a buyer is misusing returns? You can ask eBay to step in and help if you feel the buyer has misrepresented the reason for the return. eBay will review your request and take appropriate action. Remember, when you ask eBay to step in and help without successfully resolving the issue directly with your buyer and eBay finds on behalf of the buyer, it will result in a defect. What happens if I can’t resolve an issue with my buyer but they don’t ask eBay for help? As long as neither you nor your buyer asks eBay to intervene, the return will time out after 30 days and there will be no impact to your seller standing. What should I do if there is a problem with the item condition after the buyer sends it back? You can offer a partial refund. Check the item condition policy for more information. Top Rated Seller FAQs If I am not a Top Rated Seller, how does eBay protect me? When you deliver on your service promise to provide a great buying experience, you are protected from abusive buying activity and events outside your control. Protections include removing feedback, defects and open claims from Service Metrics. Why do Top Rated Sellers receive additional protections? When things go wrong, your track record matters. Top Rated Sellers consistently deliver great buyer experiences and meet the highest standards for selling on eBay. This track record of delivering great buyer experiences allows us to deliver a higher level of protections. How can I qualify as a Top Rated Seller? To become a Top Rated Seller, you must satisfy these requirements: Maintain an active eBay account for at least 90 days Complete 100 or more transactions and $1,000 in sales during the previous 12 months with US buyers Have a defect rate less than or equal to 0.5% Close cases without seller resolution less than or equal to 0.3% Have a late shipment rate less than or equal to 3% Upload tracking within your stated handling time, and show carrier validation for 95% of transactions to US buyers Once you meet these requirements, we automatically upgrade you to the Top Rated Seller status at your next evaluation. What should I do if I receive a false “item not as described” claim? Top Rated Sellers who offer 30-day-or-longer returns will receive a return shipping label subsidy for “item not as described” claims on eligible transactions. If a buyer makes a false claim, please accept the return and report the buyer to us. You will receive a shipping label credit to your monthly invoice and we will automatically remove any negative and neutral feedback, defects, and open cases in service metrics. What should I do if I receive a return that was used and/or damaged? Top Rated Sellers who offer 30-day-or-longer returns can deduct up to 50% from the refund for the lost value of the item that has been returned after it has been used or damaged. We will take care of any issues with the buyer, including removing any negative and neutral feedback, defects, and open cases in service metrics. Can sellers lose their protections? We will not protect sellers who: Take a transaction off eBay. Learn more. Fulfill sales through retailers or marketplaces. Learn more. Misrepresent the location of their item. Learn more. Are rated ‘Very high’ in their Service metrics dashboard Misuse protections, such as: Filing excessive reports for false “item not as described” returns. Giving partial refunds to buyers in cases that do not qualify. Withholding too high of a dollar amount for a partial refund. We monitor and investigate patterns that are not typical. How will I know I am protected? You will receive a monthly email detailing the protections you receive and steps you can take to increase your protections. Policy Enforcement FAQs What will happen if I am not following a policy? First we’ll let you know if you aren’t following a policy and what steps you’ll need to take to correct the issue. We’ll then give you a grace period to take all the actions you’ll need to resolve the issue. If an item cannot be sold on eBay because it is prohibited, we will remove the item to protect you and refund your fees. If you relist the item after we remove it, or don’t take steps to correct the issue, all of your listings may be hidden from new buyers for a brief period. What will happen if my listings are hidden? All of your fixed price listings will be temporarily hidden in search results and browsing, resulting in new buyers not being able to find them on eBay. However, any watchers, auction bidders, or active buyers will be able to continue to do business with you in My eBay. You can still ship orders, leave and receive feedback, and resolve any buyer problems. After this temporary period, your items will automatically return to eBay search with their search history intact so new buyers can find them. While your listings are hidden from buyers’ search results and browsing, you may still edit them as needed to comply with the applicable policy. Keep in mind that as a seller you’re still responsible for all required fees. How will I know what to do to comply with a policy? If we flag a potential policy issue, we’ll notify you through email and My eBay messages of the activity that isn’t following the policy and the steps you will need to take to comply with the policy. We understand that inadvertent mistakes can happen. And if they do, we’ll help you fix them.Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert