Selling luxury watches | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Luxury watches, from start to finish Everything you need to know for fast, hassle-free selling. Page navigation Home Selling Selling luxury watches How to sell successfully on eBay Savvy shoppers Buyers are looking for a high-end experience. Give a detailed description of the watch and collateral, including information about its origin, condition, customization, repair history, and defects. Sell with confidence Authenticity Guarantee ensures physical authentication and verified returns at no cost to you. Learn more Reach your targets 69% of luxury shoppers buy pre-owned, with eBay being one of the most popular buying destinations. Create a winning listing Learn to list like a pro Seller School Try a hands-on approach to: Make your listing stand out Save on shipping Make customers a priority Sell with Authenticity Guarantee Take the course Listing tips Learn how to: Check time accuracy Clearly describe the condition List all collateral items Utilize item specifics Find out more Marketing tools Increase your visibility: Promoted Listings Seller Hub Promotions Offer to Buyers Leverage item specifics Make the sale Get the right shot Try every angle Get close up Only show items buyer will receive Display all the defects and flaws Take multiple photos Shipping and packaging Make it an easy process Receive discounted shipping services by using eBay Labels and get items to your buyer smoothly by shipping them to our authentication facility. Proper shipping ensures a smooth authentication process. Pack the item with bubble wrap or tissue paper to ensure a tight fit in the box and to avoid damages. Ensure that all relevant information is on your shipping label. If you use eBay Labels, everything—including the unique code that allows the authenticator to process orders smoothly—is included. If you create your own shipping labels, be sure to include the code on the third line as shown in the example. Only include items in the original listing as sold, no extra merchandise. Ship to the authenticator address indicated within View Order Details/eBay orders from My eBay and not directly to the customer. How the authentication facility ships and packs The authentication team receives the watch and any collateral materials, including but not limited to box and papers, and confirms that the item is consistent with the listing title, description, and images. The authentication team performs a multi-point physical authentication inspection. A security tag is attached to the watch and is then carefully packaged with eBay-branded boxes and a unique NFC-enabled authentication card filled with detailed information about the item. The watch is shipped to the buyer via expedited FedEx tracked shipping with secure, signature-required delivery. Give and get support eBay supports you even when the transaction is complete ✔ Seller help ➔ ⟳ Returns ➔ ☏ Customer service tips ➔ Authenticity Guarantee returns and protections In the case of a return, we confirm you get back what you sent out. Items are inspected before they get back to you. If something happens that is out of your control, we stand behind you. Money Back Guarantee is also offered on final sales that are not Authenticity Guarantee orders. Learn more Sell with total confidence With Authenticity Guarantee, eBay has your back every step of the way. Learn more Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert