eBay for Business | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update eBay for Business All the inspiration and education you need to launch, grow, and maintain your business. Page navigation Home eBay for Business Seller Hub Seller Hub offers everything you need to build and grow your business on eBay. With it you have access to a variety of tools that will help you manage your orders, downloaded detailed reports, and more. Learn more Great Price badge A Great Price badge helps eBay shoppers quickly and easily discover high quality inventory at highly competitive prices. When a Great Price badge appears with your qualified listing, your item will get buyers’ attention because they know they’ve found a great product at a great price. Learn more Verified Rights Owner Program The Verified Rights Owner (VeRO) Program allows owners of intellectual property (IP) rights and their authorized representatives to report eBay listings that may infringe on those rights. VeRO embodies our commitment to provide a safe place to buy and sell, which respects property owners’ rights. See how you’re protected Third party providers Third Party Providers on eBay offer services like inventory management and eCommerce platforms to help you run your eBay business more efficiently. Their services complement the existing functionality on eBay and can be used to unlock more potential for your business. Access more resources Stay in touch On the podcast Subscribe for a weekly dose of everything you need to start, run, and grow your business. Listen in On social media Get connected and stay in the know with daily updates, inspiration, and guidance on Facebook. Follow us In your email Receive a monthly bulletin with the latest and greatest in selling strategies and info. Check Your Inbox On YouTube Check out a collection of how-tos, seller storytelling, and event coverage just for eBay sellers. Explore videos Previous slide Dave Snyder, dnhstore “eBay for Business continues to be one of the most successful and relevant seller programs at eBay.” Glen Zubia, Gcustoms41 “I love to listen to the podcast while I list, pack, and ship! Especially, the special guests and their perspectives on seller strategies, tips, and business techniques.” Dave Snyder, dnhstore “eBay for Business continues to be one of the most successful and relevant seller programs at eBay.” Glen Zubia, Gcustoms41 “I love to listen to the podcast while I list, pack, and ship! Especially, the special guests and their perspectives on seller strategies, tips, and business techniques.” Dave Snyder, dnhstore “eBay for Business continues to be one of the most successful and relevant seller programs at eBay.” Glen Zubia, Gcustoms41 “I love to listen to the podcast while I list, pack, and ship! Especially, the special guests and their perspectives on seller strategies, tips, and business techniques.”Next slideFeedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert