eBay Academy | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Welcome to eBay Academy Page navigation Home eBay for Business eBay Academy On this page eBay Academy was designed for you eBay Academy Benefits What you’ll learn Three courses, unlimited possibilities How it works Grow your eBay business What goals have you set for your eBay business? Whatever you’re working toward, we’re here to help. Whether you’re listing your first item or reaching your millionth customer, you can always learn something new on eBay Academy. Explore the tools and tips that can help you improve your business today. There is something for everyone. You’ll have access to courses designed by eBay experts to teach you how to grow your business and succeed on eBay. Learn at your own pace wherever you are as part of an interactive, self-learning experience. Join eBay Academy today and start applying your knowledge right away! Ready to get started? eBay Academy was designed for you Ready to take your business to the next level? We’ve got you covered. eBay Academy courses are designed to help you improve every area of your eBay business and build and grow your brand. eBay Academy can help you: Learn best practices and tips to optimize your listings and increase your sales Explore courses that cover different topics Learn at your own pace with course topics that take as little as 15 minutes Become a part of a community of business owners who are all learning together Earn badges of achievement eBay Academy Benefits 1 Always free All eBay Academy courses are available for free—no need to cut into your bottom line 2 Tailored to your needs Choose from a wide range of course topics designed to help you meet your goals 3 Immediate improvement Gain resources and tips that you can implement right away 4 Works with your credentials Use the eBay login credentials you already have and get started in just a few clicks When you’re ready to scale your business, we’re here for you. Start learning today What you’ll learn Choose from a range of topics all designed to help you build and grow your business on eBay. Learn how to Create the perfect listing Use marketing and promotions to drive sales Ship to buyers in the next town over and around the world, safely and affordably Improve your seller performance and meet retail standards Manage operations for you and your staff Delight customers and inspire return purchases Build your brand Understand US sales tax …And much more. Through fun scenarios and challenges, you’ll uncover best practices that’ll help you formulate your selling strategy and scale up your business. Try it out Three courses, unlimited possibilities What’s next on your business journey? Get there faster with eBay Academy’s first three courses. These courses will take you on a journey, and develop your skills as a successful eBay seller in no time! Fundamentals to kickstart your eBay business Gain all the building blocks for thriving on eBay. Learn how to create listings that sell and seamlessly manage your inventory, delight your customers, and maintain a stellar seller performance. Fundamentals Step up your eBay sales and operations When you’ve got the hang of selling on eBay, level up your skills and continue growing your sales. Gain tips and resources for promoting your listings and formulating data-driven strategies. Plus, optimize your workflows with advanced tools for listing, shipping, and delegating to your staff. Step up Strategies to take your eBay business to the next level Scale your eBay business with expert tools and strategies that drive serious value for your business. Learn advanced marketing techniques, gain tips for selling globally, and understand how to keep up with US taxes and policies. Strategies Start your first course How it works Are you ready to level up your business with eBay Academy? Here’s how. Visit academy.ebay.com Log in using your eBay credentials Find the topic that fits your needs and start learning Apply your learnings and grow your business today Get started Become an ads pro Have you heard about Promoted Listings, and want to learn more? We think you’ll like eBay Ads Academy, a one-stop shop for all things advertising on eBay. Find interactive courses, video tutorials, best practices, and professional guidance from eBay experts. Start advertisingFeedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert