Great Price badge | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Great Price badge Make your listings stand out with a Great Price badge. Page navigation Home eBay for Business Great Price badge On this page What is a Great Price badge? How Great Price works FAQs What is a Great Price badge? A Great Price badge helps eBay shoppers quickly and easily discover high quality inventory at highly competitive prices. When a Great Price badge appears with your qualified listing, your item will get buyers’ attention because they know they’ve found a great product at a great price. Great Price badge benefits Allows buyers to easily identify exceptional values in their search results, narrow down their choices, and make the best purchase decisions Great Price badges may automatically appear with your eligible listings at no cost and you don’t need to take any action Spotlights products that are in high demand, based on sales history, search impressions, and buyer interest A Great Price badge may appear with eligible listings in buyers’ search results. How Great Price works eBay may automatically pin a Great Price badge on eligible listings that are competitively priced and in high demand on eBay, determined by factors such as sales history, search impressions, and engagement. The Great Price badge is not a paid feature and you don’t need to opt in to qualify. Great Price badge eligibility Eligibility for a Great Price badge is determined by a combination of factors, such as: Seller performance. Sellers must be in good standing with Above Standard or Top Rated status. If you’re new to eBay, you can begin working toward eBay Above Standard and Top Rated status the first time you list an item. Competitive pricing. Use Terapeak, our exclusive eBay insights tool in the Seller Hub Research tab, to get competitive insights and price your items accordingly. Our pricing guidance within the selling flow may also be helpful. Item specifics and product identifiers. Help buyers find your items fast by providing complete item specifics and product identifiers when you list. New or certified refurbished items that match products in our catalog. Items must be in new or certified refurbished condition and associated with similar products in our catalog and include the corresponding product identifiers. Other eligibility factors. Additional eligibility criteria may include an item’s combined price and shipping cost, listing format, sales history, relevance to a buyer’s search terms, and the eBay site they’re browsing. Placement of listings in buyers’ search results is subject to Best Match factors. Best Match is designed to show the most relevant listings, taking into account the things users find most important when they’re deciding what to buy. Review your listings regularly to make sure they’re optimized for Best Price, including pricing reviews and adding promotions for your buyers. Learn more about listing optimization: Watch a video. Further enhance your listings visibility with Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Standard, also available to Above Standard and Top Rated Sellers, can further boost your listings visibility among millions of listings on eBay and increase the likelihood your item will be discovered by active buyers who are searching for items like yours. Plus, you only pay for Promoted Listings Standard when your item sells. FAQs What is a “Great Price badge?” A Great Price badge is a blue icon that appears on qualified listings in buyers’ search results to help them easily identify competitively priced items listed by trusted sellers. Great Price is not a paid feature and the placement of listings in search results is subject to Best Match factors. Promoted Listings remains a separate program. Do I have to pay for a Great Price badge? No. A Great Price may automatically appear on eligible listings at no cost to the seller. How does the Great Price badge work with Promoted Listings? If a listing is eligible for both a Promoted Listing badge and a Great Price badge, the listing will show both badges. Can I opt out of displaying the Great Price badge? A Great Price badge opt-out option is not currently available. Listings that qualify for a Great Price badge may automatically be highlighted in search results. On which international eBay sites is the Great Price badge available? The Great Price badge is available on our US, UK, Germany, and Australia sites. Why does my listing, that’s priced lower than others, not have a Great Price badge? Less expensive items that do not have a Great Price badge may not be eligible for a number of reasons, including: The seller may be Below Standard The item may not be matched to a product in our catalog The item may not be in new or certified refurbished condition An item may not satisfy other criteria related to listing history, shipping costs, listing format, relevance to buyer search terms, and buyer browsing site My item has both the lowest price and a Great Price badge. Why doesn’t it appear at the top of the search results? The placement of listings in search results is subject to Best Match factors. If a Great Price badge appears with my listing, will it remain until I sell the item? No. A Great Price badge is not permanent and may be removed if, for example, another qualifying listing is better priced or if a similarly priced listing moves into Best Match. We encourage you to check your item’s competitive position and pricing using eBay research tools such as Terapeak. Is item price the most important factor in qualifying for a Great Price badge? Price is only one of a number of factors that qualify a listing for the Great Price badge. Other factors may include seller standards, reasonable shipping, good customer experience, and listing and selling practices per Best Match, which takes into account what our users find most important when they’re deciding what to buy.Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert