Payments and earnings | Seller Center Skip to main content Shop by category Shop by category Enter your search keyword All Categories Advanced Hi (Sign in to bid or buy) Daily Deals Brand Outlet Help & Contact Sell WatchlistExpand Watch List Loading... Sign in to see your user information My eBayExpand My eBay Summary Recently Viewed Bids/Offers Watchlist Purchase History Buy Again Selling Saved Searches Saved Sellers My Garage Messages Collection beta Notification Expand Cart Loading... Something went wrong. View cart for details. {"modules":["unloadOptimization","bandwidthDetection"],"unloadOptimization":{"browsers":{"Firefox":true,"Chrome":true}},"bandwidthDetection":{"url":"https://ir.ebaystatic.com/cr/v/c1/thirtysevens.jpg","maxViews":4,"imgSize":37,"expiry":300000,"timeout":250}} {"delay":300} Seller Center Seller Center SellingExpand: Selling Start selling on eBay What to sell How to sell Seller fees Payments and earnings Set up your Store Customer service tips Seller protections Selling luxury bags and accessories Selling luxury watches Selling sneakers eBay for BusinessExpand: eBay for Business eBay Academy eBay Refurbished Program Great Price badge Multi-user account access Seller Hub Small business central Subscriber discounts The eBay Stores Shopping Experience Third party providers Verified Rights Owner Program ListingsExpand: Listings eBay bulk listing tools eBay price guarantee Item specifics Listing best practices Overview Perfect cell phone or smartphone listing Perfect desktop or laptop listing Perfect smartwatch listing Perfect tablet listing Product identifiers Seller uploaded videos Take great photos GrowthExpand: Growth eBay Partner Network eBay research tools Going global Overview German packaging act Promoted Listings Overview Promoted Listings Standard Promoted Listings Advanced Promoted Listings Express Promotion strategies Seller Hub Promotions Overview Buyer groups Coded coupons Markdown sale events Offers to Buyers Order size discounts Shipping discounts Volume pricing ShippingExpand: Shipping Shipping on eBay Overview eBay Labels QR code for eBay Labels Handling time and estimated delivery dates Returns eBay Labels services Overview eBay Labels domestic shipping services eBay standard envelope eBay Labels international shipping services eBay international standard eBay Global Shipping Program ShipCover insurance Freight shipping Smart ship tips Overview Shipping label adjustments ProtectionsExpand: Protections Defect removal Returns Seller Help Top Rated Seller Program Payments and feesExpand: Payments and fees Payments and earnings Subscriptions and fees Tax information 2022 changes to eBay and your 1099-K Final value fee update in the Jewelry category ResourcesExpand: Resources Seller Events Seasonal playbook Help & contact Announcements Community Seller Updates Overview Seller Updates at a glance 2022 Spring Seller Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2022 Winter Spring Update Running your business Listing & promoting Fees & financials 2021 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Running your business 2021 Spring Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business User Agreement Update 2020 Fall Seller Update Listing & promoting Fees & financials Running your business Shipping 2020 Spring Seller Update Updates to how you list Updates to how you ship Updates to how you promote Updates to how you service customers Updates to how you manage your financials Updates to your user agreement 2019 Fall Seller Update Marketplace updates Growth tools Inventory optimization Seller protections & policy updates 2019 Spring Seller Update Marketplace updates Managed payments Seller protections Growth tools Inventory optimization 2019 Early Seller Update Payments and earnings What you need to know about managing your earnings. Page navigation Home Selling Payments and earnings Payments and fees Payments and earnings On this page Getting paid How eBay payouts work How you benefit How you receive payouts Paying for shipping labels Reconciling your eBay sales transactions Protecting your data Seller Education FAQs How to get paid on eBay and make the most of your earnings When you sell on eBay, you get paid directly to your bank account. Payouts are simple and secure. As a seller, you can streamline operations with access to everything you need all in one place—consolidated fees, customizable reports, refunds and returns, shipping labels, simplified protections, and if applicable, tax documentation (Form 1099Ks). If you use third-party tools that integrate with eBay APIs, you can manage your listings, inventory, and orders, reconcile transactions, and issue refunds. Here’s everything you need to know about getting paid and managing your earnings so you can sell with confidence on eBay, just like 17 million of your fellow sellers globally. Getting paid Payouts are simple and streamlined. eBay deducts selling costs and fees related to your sales from your funds prior to payout. Examples of eBay selling fees include but are not limited to: final value fees, insertion fees, Promoted Listings, listing upgrades, and Store subscription fees. Learn more about fees on eBay. You’ll find details of your payouts, including all related fees and selling costs, in the Payments tab in Seller Hub. How eBay payouts work Day 1 Sale completed Once the buyer has paid, funds show as Processing in Seller Hub. It’s time to ship the order. You can use your funds to pay for USPS, UPS, or FedEx shipping labels. If your funds are not sufficient to cover these amounts, we will charge your payment method on file. Day 2 Funds available eBay generally makes funds available within 2 days of confirming the buyer’s payment. Payout initiated You can choose to have available funds sent to your bank account based on your preferred payout schedule or, if you’re on a weekly, biweekly or monthly payout schedule, you can request a payout on demand. After a payout is initiated by eBay, your bank will generally take an additional 1-3 days to make your funds available to you. Learn how to select your preferred payout schedule, and how to request an on demand payout, below. How you benefit Predictable Once a buyer’s payment is confirmed, eBay initiates a payout to your bank. Flexible You can choose to schedule payouts daily, weekly, biweekly, or monthly. Convenient You can use your funds to purchase shipping labels for the items you sell. How you receive payouts Connect or change your bank account When you set up your eBay selling account, you were asked to link a checking account to receive your payouts. If you need to add or change your bank account for any reason, you may update your account information in the Payments tab in Seller Hub. You can use an existing checking account or add a new one. Please ensure that the name, address, and business information (if applicable) on your bank account matches the name and information on your eBay account. Learn more Choose or change your payout schedule You can choose the payout schedule that makes reconciliation easiest for you. Choosing a longer payout schedule means that more of the earnings that accrue between payouts may be used for expenses such as shipping labels and refunds. You can set your payout schedule to weekly, biweekly, or monthly to get the most of this feature. If you prefer, you may also choose to have payouts sent daily. On-demand payouts If you receive weekly, biweekly, or monthly payouts, you may request a payout on demand at any time, so you don't have to wait for your next scheduled payout to get paid. To request a payout on demand visit the Payments tab of Seller Hub or Payments in My eBay. Your bank will make funds available to you per normal processing times. Learn more If you choose to receive payouts monthly, payouts of Available funds are initiated on the first Tuesday of the calendar month. If you choose to receive payouts biweekly or weekly, payouts of Available funds are sent to your bank on Tuesdays. If you choose to receive payouts daily, payouts of Available funds are sent to your bank within 2 days after the buyer’s payment is confirmed. Some banking holidays may delay your payouts, learn more in our Help Page. You can change your payout schedule in the Payments tab in Seller Hub. Learn more Fees and taxes Your fees are deducted directly from your earnings when your item sells. eBay makes it easy to understand your taxes with detailed reporting available. Learn more Paying for shipping labels eBay sends a message when the buyer has paid and it’s time for you to ship your order. You don’t need to wait to receive your funds in your bank account to ship the item. Instead, you can use your funds to purchase shipping labels for the items you sell. If your funds aren’t sufficient to cover the full cost of FedEx or UPS labels, eBay will charge the remaining balance to your on-file payment method, such as a credit card or linked bank account. If you’re purchasing a USPS shipping label, and your funds aren’t sufficient to cover the full cost of the label, you can use PayPal to purchase the label instead. To purchase labels with these funds, choose your funds under the Select how to pay section in the eBay Labels prompt. You may continue to pay for labels with PayPal, as well. This allows you to purchase USPS, UPS, and FedEx labels on eBay worry-free. More information about purchasing and using shipping labels is available in the Help Hub. Reconciling your eBay sales transactions Get accurate, easy-to-use statements and reports in the Payments tab in Seller Hub, including: Financial statement Contains an overview and detailed breakdown of your monthly account activity in PDF. Learn more Transaction report Contains a detailed breakdown of all your account activity for a specific period of time, including your transaction date, order number, fees, and other information. Learn more 1099-K detailed report Provides a detailed breakdown of all unadjusted gross payment transactions on your 1099-K form. Discover more about your 1099-K form and whether it applies to you. Learn more Protecting your data The information you share with us allows us to send your payouts and comply with anti-money laundering (AML) and know-your-customer obligations, which help keep eBay a trusted marketplace. Our data security procedures ensure that the information you share with us is safe. We will use and share the information you submit as described in the User Agreement, the Payments Terms of Use, and the User Privacy Notice. Learn more about how eBay protects your personal information in our Security Center. As an additional security measure, eBay also supports two-factor authentication. We highly recommend that sellers leverage this additional layer of security. When two-factor authentication is enabled, sellers must authenticate the login credentials associated with their eBay account via SMS or push notifications if they have the eBay app on their iOS or Android device. Seller Education We’ve created resources to bring sellers up to speed quickly and efficiently—and to provide easy access to the right tools for success. eBay Academy Want to boost your sales on eBay? Check out our new eBay Academy courses to increase your skills as a seller and transform your business on eBay. eBay Academy courses and videos are free! Learn more In-context Learning Resources within Seller Hub Find helpful videos, information on selling, and in-depth Help articles in the Orders, Listings, Marketing, Performance, and Payments tabs in Seller Hub. Locate Learning Resources links on the left-hand navigation in each of these tabs to get started. Explainer and seller tutorial videos on the eBay for Business YouTube channel Visit the Getting Paid on eBay playlist to find helpful step-by-step instructional videos with details on how to get paid, reporting and more. Learn more Help Hub Find additional details about getting paid on eBay and managing your earnings by visiting Help Hub. Learn more FAQs Privacy and Data Security Buyers are sensitive about sharing payment information. How will eBay keep their payments information secure? eBay has adopted physical, technical, and operational controls to protect cardholder data and comply with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). We’re currently PCI level one compliant, and do not share buyer card data with the seller. How do you handle my banking information? We use the information you provide to send payouts to you and comply with know-your-customer and anti-money laundering (AML) obligations, which helps keep eBay a trusted marketplace. We may verify the information you provide to us by obtaining reports from, or comparing your information to, information from third-party sources. These sources may include banks, credit agencies, data brokers, and other service providers. Can I share account access with my employees to help with customer requests? You can delegate important post-transaction customer service responsibilities to your trusted employees—without worrying about compromising the security of your account. With multi-user account access, you can easily authorize your employees to take on crucial tasks, including managing returns and seller initiated refunds, so you can scale your customer service operation. Authorize your employees now. Payouts When and how will I receive my payouts? For sellers on daily payouts, payouts are initiated within 2 days (excluding bank holidays) of confirming the buyer’s payment. For sellers who choose to receive payouts weekly, biweekly, or monthly, payouts of available funds are initiated on Tuesdays. Once a payout is initiated, funds will be available in your bank account per normal bank processing times, typically within 1-3 business days. You will find details of your payouts, including all related fees and expenses, in the Reports section of the Payments tab in Seller Hub. Do I need a bank account to receive payouts? Yes, payouts are sent directly to your bank account. When you set up your account, you can choose to add a checking account - whether existing or new. Can eBay send my payouts via direct deposit to PayPal accounts? Sellers must link a checking account (not a PayPal routing number) to receive their payouts. Please make sure you provide only a checking account, where the name, address, and business information (if applicable) on the bank account match the name and information provided to eBay. How will I get paid out for international sales? If you offer to ship internationally, your listings may surface in buyer searches on supported international eBay sites. Your earnings for these sales will be disbursed in US Dollars. Please note: additional fees may apply if either the buyer’s registered address or the delivery address for the item is located outside of the United States. Learn more about international selling on eBay, and the Global Shipping Program. What is the benefit of moving to a monthly, biweekly or weekly payout schedule? Choosing a weekly, biweekly, or monthly payout schedule streamlines financial reconciliation, and may mean more funds are available to cover selling costs, like refunds and shipping labels. Buyer Experience What’s the experience like for buyers? Buyers can use a variety of eBay payment methods such as credit, debit, and gift cards, Apple Pay, Google Pay, PayPal, and PayPal Credit. Buyers can also save and store their card information for future use. Can buyers from outside of the United States purchase from me? Most non-US buyers can shop and pay on eBay.com. In most cases, the non-US buyer can pay using their local supported forms of payment. Shipping Where can I find my monthly and annual shipping expenses? You can view shipping costs for each transaction through the reporting functionality of eBay. The costs are also noted in the downloadable CSV and PDF files. Also see the section above on Paying for Shipping Labels. Third-party Tools What third-party integrations can I use on eBay? Visit our third-party tools page to learn about solutions you can use to manage your listing, inventory, and order management activities, to reconcile finances, or issue refunds. What bookkeeping software can I use with eBay? Quickbooks is fully integrated with eBay. You can automatically sync your eBay transactions, see breakdown of income, sales tax and fees for each eBay transaction and keep everything organized in one place. Learn more. Does eBay offer any options for my working capital needs? Under eBay Seller Capital powered by LendingPoint, eligible business sellers may be able to obtain fast, flexible, and transparent financing with no origination or early payback fees.* Borrowers may benefit from competitive rates and a convenient repayment schedule, and take advantage of the opportunity to refinance their existing loan at a lower repayment and save. Financing options include: New Working Capital with Fixed Payments for a short-term loan featuring one fixed fee. Payments are made bi-weekly. Business Loans up to $500K and terms up to 60 months** for longer-term business needs. Lines of Credit up to $150K for easily accessible capital. Learn more about eBay Seller Capital powered by LendingPoint *Applications for loans submitted may be funded by one of several lenders including: LendingPoint LLC, a Delaware limited liability company with its principal place of business in Kennesaw, Georgia; FinWise Bank, a Utah-chartered bank, member FDIC; First Electronic Bank, a Utah-chartered industrial bank, member FDIC; and Fundation Group LLC. Loan approval is not guaranteed. Actual loan offers, loan amounts, terms, and annual percentage rates (“APR”) may vary. Upon final underwriting approval to fund a loan, said funds are often sent via ACH the next non-holiday business day. **Actual terms may vary. For example, a $10,000 loan serviced by LendingPoint over a period of 48 months that has an APR of 12.99% may have a payment of $268.23 per month. Seller Protections & Buyer Requests Am I eligible for seller protections? As long as your account is in good standing with eBay, you are eligible for seller protections. We designed Seller protections at eBay to help you safeguard your online sales and prevent you from losing money due to chargebacks and eBay Money Back Guarantee claims. Learn more about eBay Seller Protections. How do claims, refunds, and returns work? eBay provides sellers with support and service on claims, refunds, and returns. You’ll have the ability to make comprehensive seller-initiated refunds for full or partial amounts, by item or on the full order, on eBay, or via a third-party platform. Buyers can request refunds by canceling an order, making a return or filing a claim under the eBay Money Back Guarantee. They may also choose to directly file disputes with their financial institution. You have access and visibility to all refund, claim, and dispute requests in the Payments tab in Seller Hub or Payments section in My eBay. For the majority of refunds, claims, and returns, refunds will be credited to the original payment method the buyer used at time of purchase. We will deduct fees, and expenses such as those arising from refunds, claims, or disputes, directly from your earnings. If your earnings are not sufficient to cover these amounts we will charge your eBay payment method on file (debit or credit card, and/or linked bank account). You can find more information about claims, refunds, and returns in our help page. What are payment disputes? Buyers may ask their financial institution to open a payment dispute or chargeback request if they believe there is an issue with their order. Visit our Payment dispute seller protections page for details on how seller protections work and receive guidance on how to respond to a payment dispute, evidence to provide, and when you’ll be protected. You’ll also find more information on eligibility for seller protections in a dispute. Between eBay and PayPal, buyers cannot use more than one resolution method to get a refund. If a buyer initiates a PayPal Purchase Protection dispute, any eBay Money Back Guarantee claims, open order cancellations, or return requests for the same transaction are immediately closed. If it is with a financial institution, the financial institution decides the final outcome of the payment dispute. Disclaimers: May not apply if the eBay account has open disputes, funds are on hold or payments have been declined. Processing time may vary by financial institution. Feedback Additional site navigation About eBay Announcements Community Security Center Seller Center Policies Affiliates Help & Contact Site Map Copyright © 1995-2022 eBay Inc. All Rights Reserved. Accessibility, User Agreement, Privacy, Cookies, Do not sell my personal information and AdChoice Norton Secured - powered by DigiCert